Hey guys, my name is Khan and you are watching
 
chapter number six of Logic Trading.
Actually, this chapter is part B of part five
and in this we will learn all
about advanced liquidity in which we will
learn about inducement smart money trap and engineered liquidity, what they are, how they work
and how to identify them.
So in diagram one you can see that the
market momentum is bearish and
in diagram two the momentum is bullish.
So how can we spot this?
So if you look at Diagram One,
when does the market confirm a break of structure?
When our market breaks the previous major low
and closes below it,
it becomes a valid break of
structure.  And when does our lower
low point, which is here, get
confirmed?  When the market reaches its recent
high.  Which is also called inducement
which is also called minor structure.
It is known by different names.
But its meaning is only one, that is
inducement.  So in this we have to identify
where is our index,
where is our smart money trap and
where is our engineering liquidity which can
also be called extreme liquidity, you
can name it anything but we are using
engineering liquidity in this, so
in this case if you have to identify
where are all these three things, if you
look at this point, as soon as the market breaks the
structure,
after breaking the structure, we need a
proper order block, proper POI where
we can sell in it.  So in this case,
when the market broke out of its structure
, after the break out of the structure,
our order block was
created here.  Correct?  So, this
is our order block, this is our Baris order
block.  And when the market taps into this,
people sell here.  The maximum that
happens is that when the market breaks out of its structure
people sell at the first order block which is called Smart
Money Trap SMT.  Why?  Because if you
buy or sell at any zone without any
inducement or liquidity sweep,
then that zone is your liquidity point, you
can call it smart money liquidity and the
formation of candlestick,
you will see it in this way and
people mark it as our order
block because there are market momentum
barriers and the market will pullback from
this type and after tapping it we
will sell in it but the problem here is that
we do not have inducement here, so
in such cases the order block
entry here is called
SMT Smart Money Trap.  So this is
your smart money trap.  Now after this the
story comes your inducement.
What is inducement?  Whenever the
market breaks out of its structure, the
first
internal high after the breakout is our
investment.  That first pullback is
our inducement.  As
we explained in Part Three.
All About Inducement
in great detail.  So whatever buying or selling we have to do,
at least we have to
wait for the inducement.
Whenever the market takes an inducement, after that,
if any order block
is created on the left side in the same manner,
then we can sell it there.
Or this indicator should
go to the market and after going there, it should sweep this high
and after sweeping, the
liquidity in the market should
come down from here after the sweep and then any
structure should be confirmed there and after that we
can sell in it which we will
learn in the entry parts.  All we are learning in this is
how to identify
where your induction is,
where your smart money trap is and
where your engineering equity is
?  Because all these key points are going to be
useful in your entry.  So this is
your smart money trap and your
inducement.  Now the third point is
your engineering liquidity.
What is engineering liquidity and where does it occur
?  Engineered liquidity means
extreme liquidity.
If I mark your extreme high, then
this is the point.  This
point of yours will be your engineering
liquidity.  This is the highest
order block you have right here.
So what is this?  Whenever the market goes to
tap it.  Right?  So, what should we
do?  What's in it from here?  We
will look at the sale opportunity.  Because this
extreme happens after the market goes up.
Correct.  And this order block, which is
your order flow or order block or the
extreme POI, will be tapped
and then we
will see the sale opportunity in it and this is the
highest point which is the extreme order
block, the one which is higher below
it is called engineering liquidity.
Sometimes it happens that the market does
not even type your PY.
He just took engineered liquidity and
after taking engineered liquidity,
we get to see the opportunity of selling in it
and we can sell from there
which we will see in the entry parts.
This is the difference between your
indexation smart money trap and
engineering equity, the same things apply
in your bullish market.  When the
market momentum is bullish, there is a break of
structure and after the break of structure,
your first
point, this first POI, the
first order block, is your
smart money trap because there is nothing here from
where we
can take entry for buying because if you
notice here, there is no indication
before this order block, so this first
order block will work as our SMT,
any order block created without indication without liquidity is
a trap for smart money
traders and the same thing applies
for retailers, if you are
buying or selling at any zone without liquidity,
without indication, then that zone works as
your liquidity trap.
So here if we look at it in our smart money
terms then this will be your smart money
trap because there is no
inducement here.  Now
where will you see inducement at this point?
So where will your inducement be in this case
?  The first lowest point will be
your engagement.  Now
whenever the market takes this, after that any
structure develops, we will
take entry there in the lower time frame.  There are two-three
scenarios for this.  The first scenario is
that this is the induction in the market.  The
market came down and
took this inducement.  Just swept and
gave closing above it.  Still we
can make an entry in it.  Bye.  Another
possible scenario is that
you have an
order block created just below the inducement.  The market
tapped that order block and then the
market went up.  And the third possible scenario is
that the market tapped this order flow
which was created below this indication
but did
not respect it and the market came down.
So where will our next buying momentum be
?  Where
can we see buying opportunities in it?  So
our extreme order block will be at
this point, from that point the
recent low that you see will
become your engineering liquidity and
after taking this in the market we
can see the buying opportunity in it.  So
basically these are the two zones from where we have to
see buying or selling and
if anything happens in between it works as an SMT for us
and the inducement
gives you 50-50% probability that
after the market is tapped from there, it can go
in your direction or against you
and the extreme one,
after taking engineering equity, the
probability of the market is
much higher.  Many times it happens
that the market takes the inducement and
after taking the inducement the market again goes
up.  But it depends on the
situation, if there
is no engineering liquidity here then we will consider this
zone as having higher probability
or else all the order flow on the left side of this side has been
mitigated.  This is the only
unmitigated order flow or order block
left.  So what does the market do?  It
takes the same incentive and then
continuation is seen in the market.  And some
times you might have noticed that whenever there is a
break of structure in the market, after the break of
structure there is only one
single leg, something like this.
Correct?  So in this case, a lot of confusion can be
created as to
where is our induction and
where is engineering equity.  So in this case this will be
your first point.  So
we will mark this as engineering equity
and also as an inducement.
So this will work for both.  There
is no problem in this.  All you have to do is this
identification.  There should be a
breakout structure of the market, a major structure
break and take the first recent high or low of the
market and after that we
will look for a buy setup there.  You just
need to get the identification right.  Your
identification is correct.  The rest of the entry
work will become quite easy for you.  So
let's take a look at them on the diagram.  Let's understand.
Then it will be very easy for
you to mark and spot the chart.
Now in this case you can see that
this is the chart of Bank Nifty.  The
time frame is 5 minutes.  And you
can take it in any time frame.  Whatever higher time frame you are
using.  Whether it is 5 minutes, 15
minutes or 1 hour, whatever time frame you take, the
scenario will be the same in every time frame.
Same conditions will remain.  All you need to do is look for a
break of structure in the higher time frame.
After the break of structure,
where is its induction and it has to be
seen in the same time frame.  Don't make the mistake of
seeing a 5-minute break of structure.  But if you are looking at the inducement in this leg in 1 minute, then
what will happen there
?  Your structure will be wrong.
You have to identify the inducement in the same higher time frame in which you are marking the structure of the higher time frame
and
you have to do the POI identification in the same higher time frame.
But the entry will be taken when your POI
is the order block and it is typed.
So in this condition, if you
see, there is a break of structure.
Where is your incentive after the break of structure?  As soon as this break off
structure happens, after the break off structure,
where is your first recent high,
this
point will become your
inducement because the market has
broken downwards from here and it has
pulled back, it does not happen that
wherever the market breaks out, there will be
inducement beyond that also, the
inducement in the market can be below this also,
like the market came down from here and
went down, then in that case our
inducement will be here.  Meaning
that whenever the market breaks the low,
after breaking the low, whatever lows are
formed downwards, that is,
whatever
lower lows and lower highs are formed in the counter trend, the
first high that will be broken will be the one that will be broken.  Only then
our lower low will be confirmed and
we will call it inducement.  But
where is the inducement for us in this case?  This is at this
point because after this
it is a complete single leg in the market.  There
is no pullback anywhere in this.  So this first high will be
our inducement and as
after the first inducement, our
probability of sale is 50-50%.
And the second one is our
engineering equity, our
probability on that is high probability
because it is extreme.  So the
market typed this indication
and after typing the indication,
your order was blocked at this point.
We could have sold it from here.  Now even if this
order block was not typed, there would still be no
problem.  The main thing is that the
market accepted your inducement.  Closing is
given below.  We could have sold here in the lower time frame.
And remember, the
entry with inducement has a
50-50% probability.  If
all the order blocks above are all order blocks
eliminated.  Nothing
is left unmitigated.  Only then
its probability increases.
But if both are unmitigated then it will be
extreme.  It will have a higher
probability.  Now in this case you will
identify where your engineering
equity is.  So
before engineering equity you have to identify
where our extreme order block
is.  So your extreme order block
is the last buying candle before the sell which is
formed at this point.  Correct?  Now this is
your order block, your POI, this is
your extreme.  So, just
below that you need to see where your high
is.  Because the market momentum is
bearish.  So, this one which is high, it's
before extreme.  So, we will
call this engineering liquidity.  This one
which is high for us, we will call it engineering equity.
And this will be our investment.
This is the first pullback.  In this case there are
only two pullbacks.  Right?  Now in this case
you have to identify
where our SMT is and where is the smart money trap.
If you look for that, you will get it
before investment.  The market
broke the structure here.  Now
in this case you will see where your order block is,
which is at this point.  Correct?  So this
point is called smart
money trap.  Because many people
enter directly on the order block after the break of structure and
after entry, they got the reaction and after that the
market went up and we have to sell, we
will sell after taking at least index, which if we make our first entry, it will be
made at this point and the second one will be made at the
extreme, at least will be
typed here, correct and from here we
can sell it and our target will be
major low, correct, so in this way
we can identify our
indication, our engineering equity and
our smart money trap, if you
look again on the right side, the market made a breakout
structure here.  Now,
after the breakout structure is formed, in this case,
if you identify at
which point your inducement is, then your
first pullback will become your inducement
and our order
block before that will become our SMT and the
extreme one will be engineering
liquidity and
if any order
block or anything is formed between engineering liquidity and inducement, that will also
work as your SMT.  In this case,
if you identify,
where is your induction?  At this point.
Because this is your first pullbak.  And this is the
first pullback.  This is your inducement.
And
we have to identify where the most extreme order block is located,
which is at the extreme.  Correct?  This is
your extreme order blocked.  And this is
your first internal high which will
work as a pullback as an inducement.
So, the engineering equity in this will be at
this point.  Because
this is the highest point below this order block.
Then after that we will have to identify in the market
where our SMT is?  Where is the smart money trap
?  The first smart money trap is
below the inducement.
Correct?  So this is your smart money
trap.  And secondly, where does your smart money trap lie
?  If engineering equity
and just order block after induction is
one of them.  Correct?  So this will
not be your smart money trap.
Because I took the inducement.
After the induction, the market will tap this order block
and move down.  If anything happens in between, an
order block is created here.
Correct then that will do your SMT work.  This one
is the order block.  This will make SMT work.
This will also be your smart money trap.
Why?  Because there
is no inducement here right now.  And above this here,
your extreme order block is there.  So,
whatever sale we have to make, we have to make it to the above one.
If any order block is formed in this middle,
this will be called your SMT
and the same thing will
work in your bullish market also.  The same scenario will
remain in the bullish market and your
rules will remain the same in the bearish market
but your structure will be just
opposite.  So, for example, we have taken a 15-minute
chart of gold
and for 15 minutes we are using a higher time frame.
Now we will mark
where your induction is, where the smart money
trap is and where your engineering
liquidity is in it.  So first of all if
we talk about the bottom, there is a break
of structure here.  Before this, if we do
marking, then at
what point is our induction?  So this is your first
recent low which is here, this
is your inducement and
after the market takes this inducement, what is the
buying opportunity in it, at least we will
see what the market did, it
took this index and the
order block which is below it, we
work on it as a demand, we
work as an order block where we can buy in it
because whenever the market
takes the index, if any order
block is created just below it, then we
can take entry there and the
order block which is before the inducement is your
SMT which is created at this point.
This will be called SMT.  Why?  Because there
is no order block before this.  So this will become
your SMT and it will
work as demand for you where we
can take risk for buy.  Correct.  So, this is your
one valid order block.  But there
is no proper imbalance here.  So, what's with this
?  We can scroll down a little bit
to this order block that will connect here.
But your stop loss will be safer and that will be
your recent low.  He lives there.
Ok?  So, this is how we can mark it.
This is your induction.
That's it, your SMT is done.  Again the market
broke out of structure.  If you
look at it, the momentum of the market is
continuously going up.  But it is going up.
So, in this we have to identify
where our induction is.  If you
talk to the top where the structure
was confirmed and where did the structure get confirmed
?  When the market
took the minor inducement which was there.  This
was a small pullbak minor.  So what we do is that
when the market takes minor inducement then
our higher high gets confirmed.
Correct?  So this order block will do the
work of your SMT.  If you
talk about actual induction, minor and major induction, then this will be
your minor induction and this will be
your major induction.  Because
these are made in this leg, so this is your structure,
it is something like this.  Correct?  So
whatever is made in this leg will work as your minor
inducement which is at this point
and your major inducement is
here.  If the market takes minor indication
then from that we can
confirm all the things like our higher high and lower low.
Butt entry does
not have as high a probability.  But
when we enter in the lower time frame, we can
definitely take advantage of it.  But
in higher time frame you need a
major structure break and sweep, only then we can
go and make entry there.  So
what happened in the market?  Our major
incentive is here.  The market
took this inducement and it would become our
inducement.  As soon as the market
takes this inducement, we have to see if there is
any auto block just below it or
not, if there is, then we can take entry there.  If
not, then there will be an inducement sweep, even then
we can make an entry there,
which we will learn in the entry part,
how to do it and
make an entry there in the lower time frame.  But
below this, if you notice, we have
an order block proper
here.  But it has not been mitigate.
So what can we do?
Took the inducement because inducement
is compulsory for us and after that we can buy in it
which has been swept by the candle.
So there are two ways of entry.  First, once the
order block is typed, then you
can take entry there.  Secondly, if the
inducement sweep happens then we
can take entry there.  So in this case,
if you identify where your SMT
is.  So there's a lot of SMT in it.
This is the first order block.  This will do your
SMT work.  Correct?  And the second one is this.
This point will also work as SMT.
Why would you do this?  Because there is no
inducement before this.  All these
order blocks are being created in a single leg.  This will do
all the SMT work.  Now it's all
SMT.  Now we have to see
where our engineering liquidity is.
Before that we have to see
where our extreme order block is.
So if you notice the extreme order block
which is at the bottom, this entire zone is of the
extreme order block.  Now, just
below this, where is our logo made
?  So this is our low at this point.
Now this low of ours will
work for engineering liquidity which has the
highest probability.  If the market
taps into this, we will
see buy again in it.  At least we will see bye
after taking the inducement.  Now
if any order block is formed between these two
like this one.  This will also
count in our SMT.  So generally, if we have to
buy or sell,
just after buying the indication, if there is an
order block, then we can do it from there
or if we sweep the indication, then also we can
buy or sell it or
our engineering equity which is low, we can
come to the market and sweep it, whether it is
our order block type or not, it does not matter, the
main thing is that we should
take our indication in the market or
take engineering equity, we
can buy or sell from there.  So right now what we have will
work as a smart money trap for us.  The high
probability zone for us is this one from where
we can buy it and the second zone is
this one.  So right now we
have only two zones from where we
can buy it.  The market again broke out of its
structure and after the break out of the structure,
in this case, if you
identify where your first
pullback is?  If you identify the first pullback, then
this was your low
which the market swept at this
point.  This was your first pullback.   The
market accepted it and this will become our
inducement.  Now as the market
takes this inducement, we have to see
where our first order block is, which is at
this point.  So what we can do here is we can
make a buy entry and the
second entry will be made at our extreme.
Now we have to see where our highest
higher low is, which is at this
point.  Now if we identify it,
our order block is here.
Now before that we have to see where
our low is just above this where we
can mark it as an engineering
liquidity.  So this point will be
Correct?  And this is your extreme order blocked.
This has become an inducement for you.
After engagement, tap the order block and
we can see buy from here.  And the
SMT that will be in it is just above.  But
what happened in this case was that no one gave such a gap here.
So this order block
worked as an SMT.  The market has
also swept it and then the market
went up.  So it also depends on different scenarios.
But you have to keep in mind
that if you are buying here, then you have to keep these
things in
mind that if no SMT has been
cleared yet, then this order
block can also be your sweep.  So it
depends on many conditions, there are many
things which will be faced by
you only when you run in the market.
What happened in the Again Market?   There was a
break of structure.  After the break of
structure, you have to identify the same things: where is
your engineered equity,
where is your smart money trap
and where is your investment.  There was a break
of structure.  Now after the break of the structure,
you will just see
where is your pullback in this leg?
Where is the first pullback?  This is
your zone, take this one.  Correct?  So, this low will
serve as your edge inducement.  This one, Take
Your Age an Induction, will work.
And this order block will work as SMT for you
which will be created at this point.  Now
people are buying here and
why does it fail after buying?
Because there is no inducement before this.
Correct?  The market
took the indication and below that we have to see
where our order block is which is at this
point.  Correct.  The market tapped into this
and went up.  But
in this case, if you identify
where your engineering equity is.
In this case, if you are marking this engineer equity then it is
wrong.  Why?
Because there are no unmitigated
orders blocked below this.  So both induction and
engineer equity are at the same point.
And your SMT has
become this portion.  So that's your SMT done.  The
market tapped out.  This will
serve as both an induction plus engineered equity.  The
market took it and it went up further.
So in this way you
can identify it.  One more thing to keep in mind.  You can
mark inducement anytime.  Your rare is
not on the side.  The induction will be
on the same side where the structure
breaks.  Like the market broke out of
structure on this side.  So this
high one will not be your inducement.
This will not be your inducement nor will
this be your inducement.  If your
structure breaks on this side,
in this leg, then the inducement will also be in this leg.  Nothing happens here.
This is your
correction.  There is nothing in this face.
This is not your inducement.
You have to see the same things here.  If you
look at this fuzz of yours, this is an
inducement.  This will
not work for any low inducement.  You have to keep this thing in mind.
And in this way you can identify engineering
equity, inducement and smart money
traps.  So, I
hope you have understood
how to identify Induction and Engineering Equity and SMT and
how we can mark them
on our charts and this will be very helpful.  You
can apply this in any market.
Whether your investment is Nifty, Bank Nifty,
Stock, Forex, Crypto,
you can apply in any market.
Same rules will apply everywhere.
You can apply it in any time frame.  There
is no problem.  You have to
practice it as many times as possible.
And thank you so much for watching the entire
episode.
