Is it really possible to make money from crypto trading
 
?  And let's see, the one
who has more money can make money.
Obviously, there you know
he has an advantage because he has
more capital, so he can plan well
and make profits.  But is it
possible to do it with small capital?
500 1 lakh, 2 lakh.  Is it
really possible to make money from this capital?  So
in this particular video I will explain you the complete
trading plan.  I will
also explain how I traded and will
also show you live PNL reports so that you get a
plan in the beginning and
understand it and along with that you will
also get confidence by watching the live report that
yes boss, it is possible to make money, it is
not impossible, it is possible if we work hard, so let's
start now and you have come to my screen
and now we will just
open our BTC, oh sorry BTC
chart and this video is going to be a bit raw,
otherwise all the videos are mostly raw.
Now how are we going to keep the video actually
complete?  You should
understand that a little.  First of all we will understand
which platform you have to choose.
Who was I writing to?  Which platform is the
best?  Because again, choosing the right platform
is very important.  And this is not a promotion
because I will tell you what I am
using myself.  Where I myself have
used the trade and what could be its pluses
, what could be its negatives so that
you can get some mental clarity and then do
whatever trade you want to do.
After that we will understand what strategy we can use.
Ok?  You will understand how to use the time frame
and along with that you will also understand the risk management aspect.
Risk Management and Execution.
Ok?  I will also bring a long video on this
very soon.
What is the spelling of execution,
friend?  I am very confused about spelling.
Anyway, whatever it is, see it as per your convenience.
If we start with the platform, the
first platform I am using right now at the moment to
trade crypto comfortably in India is Delta
Exchange.  Right now you should be seeing the screen I hope.
This is the one that I am using.
Now it has some pluses and some
negatives too.  If we talk about plus, the
best thing is that
you deposit your money directly in the bank
and withdraw it from the bank.  There is no P to
P issue.  So there is not going to be any bank
freeze or such scene.   In that
you can deposit and withdraw money comfortably.
If we talk about the negative, then the
fees in this are quite high.  And
talking about the second negative, then you can say that not only by the way, but
all the crypto exchanges are
not backed by any such government.
FIU is registered which is
Financial Intelligence Unit.  But tell the
government not to take the bag.  Like
what happens in our stock market?  You bought the shares.
Suppose you use Zerodha.
Zerodha ended yesterday.  So the
shares you have bought are in CDSL.
He is safe.  He is not going anywhere.  And
if this ends then everything is lost.
Whatever SLA you have, it's all gone.  So you have to
keep that in mind.
Because of this reason I am still using it.
And it is working fine.  Now if
we talk about strategy.  This was
about the platform.  Now
how to use the platform and trade?  If
you don't know that either then comment.  So
I will give you a long lecture on that as well
that yes, this delta
exchange has to be used like this.
How to trade crypto basically.  In that, the
lot size has to be calculated specifically like this.
This is how buy orders have to be placed.  Such level
states have to be established.  Everything is explained well.
This is a video of a class I took.  So
tell me, I will upload it.
If we talk about strategy, we are going to keep the strategy very
simple.  The primary thing
I used.  The
report that I will show you now uses 8 EMA and 33
EMA.  That's it.
Ok?  Ok?  So now 833 EMA I hope
you all know how to use it.
I have made videos before also.
Something like this.  Whenever crossovers like this
are rad.  Red is above the lettuce, green is below.
So here only my short
entry is triggered.  And if
such positive result has come from the letters.  Let's say this
sorry a like this here you know positive
crossover pay.  So when it is positive then
I only make long entries there.
And I
avoid anything that is short.  Basically it
works like a trend identification.  And that's how it I
trade.  If we
talk about candlesticks, there
is a dedicated video on dominance candles as well.  Now 83 833
is a video by Now 833.  It's a bit old.
I will also put its link below
and also of the dominance candle.  We will cover this strategy again
very
soon.  As soon as I get time.  Ok?  So this was a
thing.  Now the most important thing is
who is using the time frame.  So
you have to understand a little about this.  In all the
trades I have done in the last 7 days or
one month or whatever it is, I have never
seen any time trade, neither 5 minutes nor 15 minutes.
Remove all this and forget the time frame.  There is nothing to
watch below one hour.
So the time frames that I have seen are
one hour, four hours and
apart from this I have also seen daily and weekly.
Basically you can say it is like a kind of swing.
Not a complete swing because the swing
lasts for a week.  It lasts for five days.
But understand it like this that it is a trade above intraday.
Some trade has been going on for two days.
A trade has lasted for 12-13 hours.  Some trades have
lasted even three days like this.  In this way
total trades have been done.  Ok?  So I am
not looking at anything below the time frame of one hour.
Whatever I am watching, I am
watching it on one hour.  I am planning one hour entry.
And either if I am not able to understand one hour
then I am watching four hours.   The
strategy is very simple, IMA dedicated
video will come because if
I have to explain the strategy in very clarity then it will take
time.  There might be a lecture something like that in a one hour video.  Right
now there's
like these short you know crossovers.
After the crossover, it is now going up.
Right now if we look at it at the moment,
this particular time frame is of
four hours and it is going up and the
trend at the moment is negative.
So here, if I go to one hour, then
I am just positive about this one hour.  So
I will wait a little longer.  I will not do anything.  I
will wait.  Else one hour pay has
become positive.  So I am
not seeing any entry of positive-positive.   Right now
because 4 hours is negative.
If I see any short entry at four hours,
I would prefer short.
Like here it was a rejection candle.  The last
trade I took, I took it here.
And then it went well.  Now that
market is going up completely, BTC and
EMI are kept negative.  So I'll just
wait at the moment.  My
entry is not being made.  And I haven't even made it yet.
Ok?  I hope you have got some
idea about what
exactly strategy is.  Then if I go back
oh we blew the tax is that one?
Ok.  So now if we talk about
risk management in the end, the risk in my trade is
that since it is a swing type
trade, it is not 1%.  If the amount is ₹2
lakh, then the risk in the trade is around $50.
I will not lie to you.
In some trades, I have
also planned a stop loss of $80-80.  Ok?  And
stop losses are also in place.  Now you will
understand by looking at my panel.  So
stop losses are planned at $80 right now.  50 have also been done.
Now because this is not my main capital.  I do
n't have a main account.  My main
trading is done on Binance.   The
last trade I closed was for
$14,000.  Was short in BTC itself.
Something trade continued for four days on the daily time frame.
You all must have seen that.  I am
sure all the people who are on Instagram,
everything was on Binance.  It wasn't in it.
Because it's quite convenient for
me.  Now the trading fees in it are very low.   If I
trade it in such a large quantity, then
some higher fees will be incurred.  Ok
?  And secondly,
I have been using it for a long time, so I have
better conviction and there is
no beating scene in it.  My cloud
Binance Cloud Cloud Binance
runs such a system.  Ok?  Now but still if I
see, if I have to trade comfortably and peacefully then
I will
give more preference to this.  A, I don't have a lot of money invested in it right now.  Because I don't want everything
to get into the bank.  Ok?  Now if
we talk about risk management, we are taking a risk of
around 2 to 3% on the trade. Now if we talk about risk management,
we are taking a risk of around 2 to 3% on the trade.
And sorry, it's getting a
little clumpy.  But I hope you got it.
Now if we have to calculate then how can it be done
?  I will just tell you.  A
little bit of that is like a quick formula.   Now let
us look at this candle of the four hour time frame.
Ok?  Suppose
if we look at this candle now, our stop loss is being
created.  Let's see short position
here
than if we put it here.
Ok?
Now the risk reward was only 1:2.
So now you will see a stop loss of $1000 being
created above.  Now your stop loss is $50 so
you simply divide $50
by $1000.  So your loss is divided by the chart
loss.  Ok?  Let us calculate this and see
how much quantity will come.  So your
quantity was $50 and the
stop loss that is asked in the chart, your loss is
divided by chart loss, if we divide it then
it is 1000
then the total quantity that comes out is 0.05,
so now if for example here we have to enter a trade of $50
then here our
stop loss quantity will be
$.05 in which the stop loss is $50,
in the target we will get $100, that is fine
because it has gone only up to 1:2.  In this way you
can manage your risk.  So this was the
whole thing.  Now let's go straight to my
terminal.  So this is basically this layout.
I use it very little because
again I am mostly active on the phone.
And because this is not the main capital right now.
So it's like whatever entries I am getting there, I am getting them.
Now let me explain to you a little about the
plan,
how I basically made a little trade plan in this.
My main trade was on Binance.  Now
what trade logic did we apply on Binance.
I will also explain the logic to you here because
that was a big
trade.  The $4,000 base price target was
$28,000.  But unfortunately
I left a little early and had to pay $4,000.
If you see in the beginning,
there was a U turn where its low
cross had been done.  So
I have already created this dominance candle.
My entry was simple based on the dominance candle.  Apart from that, a
trend line is also appearing here.  So you will see this is
also like the third rule strategy.  So there was
two confirmations.  It had a low break.
Stop loss above it.  Then the market made me
cry for two days.  After that I directly went and
gave the target.  I
left Target a little early.  Because suddenly there was a
reversal from here somewhere.
And then I thought that he will hit SL right now.
So you can say my trailing SL.
This became a kind of hit.  Ok?
So this was that trade.  Now because I had a
trade open on Binance and it was making
profits and it was a short trade.
So, it was on the daily time frame.
Apart from that, on the four-hour time frame, I was only taking
short shots on the Delta Delta
exchange with small capital so that I can show you and also
motivate you that
money can be made even with small capital if
you remain dedicated and
plan carefully because my trade was
going well because when I am
right in the market, I do
not need to be afraid.  And That's How This Whole
Thing Went.  So now let us go straight to this
and now you can see that it is ₹244000.
Anyway, it remains only ₹ lakh.  There
is also a profit of Rs 44000 in this.  When 500 becomes 2.5 lakh then
500 will be withdrawn from it.
Now if we go into this and let's go to PNL
Analytics.  And now you will see
that in the last 7 days, I have made a
total of four trades.  Everything in it was short.   There was no
long.  And touchwood there is
no stop loss in this.  She has
hit all four targets.  Totally, I have
made a profit of around ₹42,000 in this.  If
we look at the last 30 days, then
in 30 days we have earned ₹156,000
i.e. around ₹1.5 lakh.   The
win rate has come out to be 73.91%.  The average
win we made is ₹11,000 and the average loss is
₹5,000 ₹300.  If you remember
I said I did not take a stop loss of $50.
I have also set stop losses of $80.  By doing this,
sometimes I think it even
went up to 90 to 90.  So because of this you
can see the average loss coming out to be Rs 5000.
Because I am not doing it for any big reward.
1:2 Even if it has come out, I have come out.
So my win rate has increased significantly.
But if you look at the risk reward,
my average risk reward has turned out to be 1:2.
Many have even gone above 1:2.  Many 1 2.5 have also
gone.  So I had to close many 1:1s as well.
This was the thing.  Now if you look here, there was a
withdrawal of Rs 500 here and there, I think it was
probably a withdrawal of something like Rs 10,000.  Then
this withdrawal of Rs 500 will now become Rs 2.5 lakh, so the
withdrawal of Rs 5000 is only
Rs 1 lakh.  There is only ₹ lakh in it.  44,000 is
still in plus that was ₹1,56,000 something total
really profit.  Now this
was a simple motivation for you that if let's say I am not saying that this will happen
every month.
That is not going to happen.  That is a very
obvious thing.  Because there is no job that
I am making ₹1.5 lakh on ₹2 lakh every month.  If
this continues, I will surpass Mani.
But let's say the next month did not go well,
then the next month it went well.  The perspective
here is that if someone has
₹1 lakh, ₹500, then it is obvious that
when he has so much capital, then he should
expect to earn approximately the same amount.
So suppose someone trades from ₹00 and makes
20,000, 3,000,
10,000, he should be happy.  If we
look at it now, we have made a profit of almost 80%.
So which is very good
in last 1 month.  But obviously, this does
not happen every month.  Now this is a
very good motivation for you that ca
n't money be made with small capital?  Can be made.
You just have to be dedicated, work hard
and with hard work you can do everything.
Is it possible that you just
watched a couple of videos on YouTube and you
became a profitable trader?  It's not going to happen at all.
And I am saying it again.  It is
not necessary that I make the same amount of money next month also.
Maybe next month, who
knows, I will trade the entire month.  God forbid
this should happen.  But who knows, I may trade for the entire month
and what someone says, I may
not make any profit.  The trade may close in minus.
Ok?  But how do I
see?  It's been a month.  Now
we will see the plan for next month.  After that we will calculate the
average of 3 months.  Trading in this way is
basically a game of averages.
So you just have to understand this.  Now for example,
in profit, I have made ₹1.5 lakh.
I am saying consider it as ₹1,300.  Let's assume that Rs
went into brokerage.  Now if I save even ₹1300, then
I can take some heavy risk in my future trades.
Because I am already surplus.
I have already made the profit.  To take this profit, I will take a little
bigger risk and if that trade goes well
, obviously I will take it in high probability
trade.  If those trades go through
, then my account will grow very rapidly.
And if it doesn't
work, I will come back a little further.
Suppose I planned my first trade aggressively and placed a
stop loss in it, then
its next trade will be a little less aggressive.  As
stop losses are being placed,
my risk is reducing.  As the profits were increasing,
my risk was increasing so that
I could make more money.  And in this
way we can grow a small account.
And this was the I hope you understood.
We
also discussed a complete small plan.  This is not a very big video of
such hours.  But I hope you have got a
lot more clarity from this.
You also saw all the live proofs and you
must have got the motivation that no boss,
money can be made from a small account.  Now someone is
starting with, for example, ₹10,000 to ₹15,000.  Look, no business can be started with Rs 10, 15,000.
I am taking this as a business
approach.
If you are going to start any business, it will
cost you ₹1.2 lakh to start.  And there is
no such business which you can
invest ₹1 lakh in starting and start and give you a
profit of ₹1 lakh or ₹1.5 lakh directly in the next month.
That thing is definitely possible in trading
but it
requires experience.  If you don't have experience then
you cannot explain this suddenly.
Right?  So this was a thing.  If
you approach this with a business mind, you will
definitely grow.  And that was a
thing.  I hope you understand.  If
you want me to explain it in detail.
How to take trades on the Delta Exchange part, please let
me know by commenting.  So I will explain that also for you and
upload it.  Stay away from
negativity and social media with In The End I Will.
Work on yourself.  If you pay
attention to yourself, your growth will be possible.
Who is doing what?  Who
made how much and who didn't make how much is not going to do you any
good.  You can just be happy with yourself.  Meeting
him is not going to do anything for you.   It would be
better if you hold on to the truth a little.  Because when your band plays, no
one will support you.  No one will
come to save you.  In fact, if you start a YouTube
channel or create an Instagram channel
or anything else, no one is
going to even like you.  Keep this thing
in your mind.  I am telling you genuinely,
this is the truth of this world.
So just focus on yourself.  See how you are
able to grow if you are not getting it.
Work harder and just
focus on yourself.  Meaning there is you and there
is trading.  There should be no other distraction apart from that.
I hope it helps.  All the best.
