Most traders draw support and
 
resistance. Very few actually trade it
the right way. If you've ever bought
support just to watch price blow right
through it or sold resistance to see
price rip higher, you're not alone.
That's because support and resistance
isn't about drawing lines. It's about
knowing which levels actually [music]
matter and how to trade them with
confidence. In this video, I'll show you
how to identify strong support and
resistance, how to draw them properly
without clutter, and a simple high
probability support and resistance
trading strategy I've been using for 17
years with real live trade examples.
Now, nothing in this video is a promise
or guarantee of future results, [music]
but if this helps you, please smash that
like button, subscribe to the channel,
and let's win some trades. Support and
resistance are zones where price reacts.
The resistance area is where sellers
have stepped in and pushed down price
before. And the support zone is where
the buyers are stepping in and where
trade opportunities are likely to appear
again. The beauty of support and
resistance is these levels appear on any
time frame, any asset, gold, forex,
crypto, indices, futures, everything. so
that you can actually use this
information to provide you with a viable
trading setup winning your trade. Now,
how do I identify only the strongest
support and resistance levels? Well,
these are the rules that I follow after
17 years of trading. Easy enough for a
beginner. I start with the most obvious
turning points on the chart. Just the
extreme swing highs and the extreme
swing lows, getting as many touches as
possible. What has price touched
recently? And where is price reversing
from? Now, if this price were to
continue up here, I'd be looking for
sells. But if the price came down to
this level or even all the way down to
this level, I'd be looking for buys. As
long as I have some sort of additional
confirmation, an entry model, I'll teach
you later in the video. Next, I'm
looking for multiple reactions. Right?
One touch doesn't mean anything. I want
to see this zone being hit multiple
times. So when it comes back to that
level again, I have the confidence to go
short and obviously have that trade go
ahead and smash my takeprofit. When I'm
getting one, two, three touches all with
significant strength, it tells me the
sellers at this level of resistance are
defending it and that price has already
proven it can reverse. But you do want
to avoid weak diminishing rejections.
You can see here price is moving up.
Price is moving up. But as it's moving
up, it's starting to get weaker. Right?
If you come to the top, you could see
price is getting weaker with every
single push up. So, what do you think is
going to happen here? Well, this level
is going to break. Listen to the price
action. It's telling you what's going to
happen. Four, I'm looking for clear and
obvious levels. I had that obvious
resistance and now I've got this obvious
support. If you have to hunt for a
level, it's probably not strong enough.
Good levels will jump off the chart
immediately. And if you need a helpful
tip for beginners, come click on candles
in Trading View right here. Click
online, and this is going to show you
those levels even easier. And if you can
see it easier, so can everyone else,
which is exactly what you want. Another
thing I'm looking for is impulsive
moves, supply and demand levels. This
huge push up in price right here that's
creating multiple fair value gaps is
telling us there's more conviction
behind this move. So when that price
comes back to my level right here, I'm
going to feel very strongly and very
good about a potential buy trading
position. Now, I'm sure you've heard
this already before, but the strongest
levels actually reverse rolls. We break
through and we're starting to use that
level that was once resistance as
support. It was first resistance and now
it's support. This is one of the most
powerful confirmations you can get and
really can lead to some incredible
trading opportunities. Now for seven,
it's recent respect. Now old levels
matter, but the newer levels matter
more. So what do we have right here? We
have the price getting weaker. it breaks
through and it creates this new level.
So, I'm less interested in this old
level. And as price comes back to this
level like it is right now on the live
chart, it's starting to respect this
level because this is the most recent
level, making it the strongest level.
Recent levels just matter more. And the
last thing I want you to do is trade
with the trend. If the market is going
up, we want to be looking for buy
trades. How do we make that easier?
come. Click on indicators, type EMA. Put
that moving average exponential on your
chart. Double click on that thing. These
are the settings that I use 200 period
on any time frame. Now, if the price is
above that yellow EMA, I want to buy.
We're in an uptrend. So, I've got my
obvious level of support down here. I
have my level of resistance at the top.
Now, am I going to sell from this level?
No. We're in an uptrend. So once price
broke through this resistance and
started using it as support, I feel like
that's a really strong level. I'm going
to enter my trading position. And sure
enough, I'm going to smash that takerit.
Now, an important reminder, a level
doesn't have to meet every single rule.
Even two or three strong criteria is
enough, but the more boxes it checks,
the higher probability. So use your
discretion. Now, I showed you everything
I know about these levels, but in order
to take a trade, we still need
confirmation. We need entry models. So,
let me show you some of these right now,
and then we can get right into my
complete 17-year support and resistance
trading strategy, even for beginners.
Now, I have a bunch of live trades to
show you. This one I sent to over,300
people. So, as you can see, we have our
extreme low, we have our extreme high.
Check. We've got multiple rejections.
Check. The last move here was impulsive.
Check. As price comes down to our level
right there, our level of interest, our
point of interest right here, we are
respecting previous levels. Check. And
if we go to the line chart right here,
we have clear obvious levels. Check. So
now I have this support level right
here. Price is at that level. This is on
the 1h hour time frame. In order to
enter the trade, I come down to the
fiveinut time frame. So you can see on
the five minute I have that level of
support. Price entered that level of
support. Let's zoom all the way in right
here. And this is what I'm looking at.
Price is now at my level. I need a
reason to get into a trade. So there's a
ton of ways I get into trades. I like to
use trend lines, engulfing patterns,
aggressive entries, retest entries,
market structure shift entries. So for
the trend line entry, it's simple. Price
is coming down. Price keeps tapping that
trend line over and over and over again.
And eventually a big green candle like
this one breaks through the trend line
and then I enter my buy position. Price
shoots up, smash the profit. Now another
one you could have price comes down like
this. Okay? Comes into your level and
then you have an engulfing candle
pattern, right? That's where you have a
small red candle engulfed by a big green
candle and you could enter on that. Then
there's the aggressive entry. Price
comes down to your level like this. It
simply closes and then you enter your
trade and win it. Or there's the retest
where price comes down, taps the level,
breaks above, and then retests and then
you enter your trade. Now, all of these
are valid ways to take a trade. The
retest one is great. You could also do a
market structure shift. So let's say
price is coming down. Okay? Something
like this and then it comes to your
level right here and then it comes back
up and then it comes down. So what you
get here is you're getting lower highs
and you're getting these lower lows. And
when the price comes up here, it's
actually breaking this high, which means
you have a market structure shift,
giving you an awesome area to enter a
trade from here. Now, obviously, you
could pick which entry model you really
like. On this trade, I went with a
simple trend line. Take a look. I put my
trend line right here at one, two,
three, four touches and then I entered
the trade on the break. You can see I
had a very, very strong reaction
immediately. But this trade did go on
for a pretty significant period of time.
Again, I sent this to over 1300 traders
in my VIP room, and it did come all the
way up and smash my takerit right about
there. As for the stop-loss and takerit
levels, look, I put my stop loss just
below the level of support, below that
support box right there. And for my
takerit, I was going for about 2% on
this one. I was basically looking at
this level right here. Look, price
reacted aggressively down off this level
before and aggressively off of this
level again. So, I thought this would be
a minor level of resistance. A good area
to exit a trade. Now, I was also looking
at this level right here, which was a
level of supply. And if I play this
trade out, you could see that it would
have come all the way up in a second or
two here and gone all the way up to hit
that level. So, it tapped into supply.
Okay, I would have won the trade and
then there was a huge push down because
that's often what happens when price
touches supply. Make sure to watch my
supply and demand videos. Now, to master
this, I've got to show you a few more
live trades. But before I do, if you're
wondering where I trade, I trade with
the AAFX broker. They are the sponsor of
this video. Commissions are low, spreads
are low, they use the best platform in
the business, MetaTrader. The link is in
the description, and registration is
free. Now, let's do more live trades.
I'm only going to show you this support
and resistance trading strategy two more
times so that you can really master
this. Now, every single trade I'm
showing you is a trade I sent to my VIP
trading room. This one I made an
absolute boatload, I've got to say. So,
we have our extreme high, we've got the
extreme low, check. We have multiple
price rejections. Check. The last move
from here was impulsive. Look, it took
out this low. We are respecting previous
levels. check. And we have clear,
obvious, obvious levels. This is
honestly one of the simplest ways to
trade. Now, price is at our level. So,
we're coming to the 5minut time frame.
Now, this is what the 5minut time frame
looks like. This is what I was looking
at right here. Okay? I had one candle
tap in and then I had the next candle
close outside of the zone. That's all I
did. That was the entry. It was really
that simple. And then I sent this trade
to over,300
people. It went into profit. It took a
while. Again, these are fiveminute
candles, so it didn't take that long.
And eventually it smashed my takerit
right there. Now, I left a bunch of
profit on the table. This one went way,
way, way further down. But let's talk
about it a little bit. Where is my stop
loss? It's right here above that
resistance level. Right? I was able to
get about 2.2% 2% and then for my
take-profit, look, I was looking at this
level right there. Why? This level was
used as a resistance here and used as a
support here. So, we know that that's a
strong level. We can see that flip again
off of that level. Now, in this case, I
was wrong. Okay, if I continue to play
this trade out, you will see it did take
a while, but this trade went way, way,
way further down. So, I left some profit
on the table. Sometimes that happens.
And the thing is when I'm showing you
these trades, I'm not like the other
gurus. I'm not going, "Oh, this is a
perfect trade. This is a perfect trade.
You can't get any better than this
trade." I don't do that at all. Right?
Look, I could have got my profit all the
way down there. That would have been
fantastic. Or I could have got my profit
all the way down here. That's fantastic.
And if I was another trading teacher,
that's what I would show you. But every
trade I show you is actually in my VIP
room. So, it's verified by other
traders. I can't fake it. All right. And
I'm not faking it on this one either.
This is the last one I'm going to show
you. Look, we set the level of support
right here. Extreme support, extreme
resistance. That's our extreme swing
low. Check. Multiple rejections. Check.
Respecting recent levels, right? These
are recent levels. Check. This is a
recent level. That's the last level. The
last move was impulsive, right? This was
an impulsive move creating a level of
demand right here. Again, watch my
supply and demand videos on the line
chart. Is it clear and obvious? Yes.
Very, very obvious price is moving off
of this level. And we even have the EMA
on this one. Look, the 200 period EMA,
this yellow line right here. Price is
above that level. So, we're trading with
the long-term trend as well. So, all of
those things are correct. Price is at
our level right here. We're coming to
the five minute time frame. So, on the
five minute time frame, price just came
to my level. It's been rejecting off of
the level right here. Then it came and
closed in the level. And what did it
give us? It gave us a bullish engulfing
pattern. Right? We've got the small
candle right there. And we've got the
big candle that's engulfing the smaller
candle. And that's it. That's enough for
me to enter the trade. And what happens?
Boom. smash the takerit almost
immediately. And you may go, Pat, this
is only a onetoone. You're only getting
1%. That's absolutely fine. We just want
to win trades. Who cares if it's 1% or
2% or 10%. This is real trading. I put
my stop loss below my zone and off of
this area right here, there was a pretty
big push down. So, I thought we might
get a push down again. And that's
exactly what happened, right? We tap the
takeprofit right here and then it
started to shoot down. Now, I know
you're going, Pat, show me what happens
next. And you know, if I do show you
what happens next right here, you'll see
I could have made a little bit more on
this trade. If you're a bit more
patient, you can make more on your
trades. So, I could have put my takerit
all the way up here and got about 1.82.
And that's at a fair value gap right
there. So, that would have been actually
a pretty good level to target. If you
don't know about fair value gaps, you
got to watch some of my other videos.
Now, I hope this support and resistance
trading strategy wasn't too easy for
you. If it was, definitely watch this
video right here, or definitely watch
this video right here. Consider joining
my VIP trading room, get some of my
analysis, and I'll be back next week.
Much love.
