In the last lecture of our course which is
 
lecture 12, we will understand
how to improve the accuracy of EMA.
Alright, I will take you to the screen
and explain it to you, give you the
logic and on that basis you have to plan.
Letts C.
Now this is our screen.  Now
to increase your accuracy, there is a very
simple thing you can do.  Set the rules.
Number one,
you are making your entry on EMA strategy.
That's fine.  Apart from that you have to
learn support resistance
and you have to learn trend lines.
Ok?  If you trade wisely with this setup,
you will get amazing trades.
But it will take a lot of patience.  Look at the support
resistance, if you are scalping
in 5 minutes then you have to look at it in 5 minutes only.   The
trend line also has to be seen in 5 minutes only.   What
you basically have to do is
whatever entry you see on EMA, sometimes it
looks long and sometimes it looks short.
Fine, you have to club it
with the support, resistance and trend line and
you have to find such a zone where that support
zone is there and there a trend line is also
coming and merging at one point.  This
means that one or two confirmations have been added separately for you.  It
is exactly like that.
Like taking a high probability trade.  If
you take high probability trades, your accuracy will automatically
increase.  It's as simple as that.  Both
are linked to each other.  So whenever you
take two confirmation priors and then
enter your EMA, your
accuracy will improve a lot.  The
drawback is that you will get less entry.
So it is actually beneficial for you also.
When you enter the market
less and go less, your broker will make less money.
Your broker wants you to
trade a lot so that he can get more brokerage.  The
government wants you to trade a lot
so that the government can get more brokerage.
But what is your loss?  Most of your money will
go to Edge Brokerage.  If you do more trade
XP then because of this your less
entry is better for you.  Because
your brokerage will be less there.  Plus there
is a rule there when you want to increase
accuracy that
you will not take the trade until there are three confirmations.  One confirmation is
your set with EMA.  833 you are using.
You can use support resistance for two more confirmations.
You
can use trend lines.  You
can use Fib retracement.
You can merge with order blocks.
You can merge it with the Change of Character zone.
Meaning anything you need two more combinations.
Support Rice Trend Line EMA
Perfect.  Fib retracement trend line
ema perfect.  Three confirmation order block
order block trend line ema three
confirmation.  What do you have to do in these shorts?
Trade has to be taken only with three confirmations.
Otherwise, do not take any trade on that day.  And in this
way your accuracy will increase from here to here.  The
number of trades will decrease.
Accuracy will increase.  And
another advantage of this is that
all the trades you get will be
trades with high RR.  High RR means you will
get trades with high risk to reward.
And in this way you can increase your
accuracy.  I hope you have understood.
That Was It For The Whole Course.  Now
your job is to do a thorough back test and
forward test.  Whatever doubts or questions you have, please
send them to me in chat.  So I will
try my best to reply to them.
You will receive voice notes directly
from me.  And send me the screenshot.  Whether you made a profit or a
loss, whatever happened, send it to me
so that I can also see how you are doing
and I will try to guide you in a
better way so that you can keep improving day by day.
And that was it.  All the
best.  Keep working hard and see you later.
