Now let's talk about intraday trading strategy in lecture 10
 
or
how to plan your intraday using EMA.
Now don't mix intraday scalping.
If I tell you my point of view,
I only like scalping in options.
Intraday I use when I am trading stocks.
I have taken equity options in direct stocks or on stocks.  There are
other things that are important for trading options.
You cannot rely on this alone.
Because you have to understand the option completely.
Now if we talk about intraday, the
name of the intraday strategy is TSI.
Now why is it TSI?  TSI Means
Trend Snap Intraday.  Now
why is this trend snap intraday?
What is the logic behind this?  Everything I will explain to
you.  This is a very good strategy.  Works very well.
You will see three or four
very good trades live which have worked well.
And you can get more confirmation.   Let's go
straight to my screen and let's
understand this TSI intraday strategy
using EMA.  Now you have come to my
screen and right now this is the live chart of Bitcoin on
5 minutes time frame.  Now first of all let
me explain my strategy to you,
what is the logic behind this strategy
?  How it works.  Ok?  And before that let us
understand how to manage risk in intraday.
And how I basically you know
calculate risk and execute positions.   First of all, the
trade at risk that I plan, I
trade at 1% risk.
Ok?  The second thing is that I plan to do only two to
three trades a day.  Not more than that.
Three is the max.
Thirdly, if my three stop losses
come continuously
then I close the trade there again.
So, only
two to three trades have to be taken
for intraday with three continuous stop loss trade close.  And you have to take a risk of 1%.
And there is only one strategy to be used,
which is called TSI strategy which means
trend
snap.
Intraday
Alright Now Now what is this whole strategy?   It
is a little tricky to understand it carefully but you will understand and it works very well.
Okay, now since this is an EMA based
strategy, we are going to use only EMA here.  The
EMA we are using is
65 and 8.  Now
you will remember how to use 65 and 8.
So Peter Takam Sir also mentioned 65 EMA to
me that his friend who has been
using trading
strategies or
planning his strategy using EMA for the last 30 years, uses the combination of 9, 15, 30, 65
and 200.
I will explain a little more about this later,
I need to experiment with it.
But anyway, I gained more confidence in this 65 strategy because
Nine said, "At, I am already
using it."  65 is set 65 I use it.
I have been used to using it for a long time and now by
combining both of them, you
can say that this is one of the simplest and
best intraday strategies.  If you
practice this, you will enjoy
seeing the results.  It works very well.  Now
what is there to do in this?  Understand carefully.  We are
moving in two ways.  First we need to
identify the trend and which side we should
take the trade on.  Buy side trades
should be taken, sell side trades should be taken.  And
secondly we need to press enter.  And that's it.
Again, we are going to
use only the dominance candle to enter.
But
this is very different from scalping.  Now what is this
PSI strategy?  Let us understand this now.   The
first thing you have to do is go to indicators and
apply these two EMAs.  Now
look at the EMA settings.  You will go to settings.
You have to keep the length 65 and smoothing off.
You will see the time frame, I have set it for one hour.
Normally it remains on the chart.
You have to set it for one hour so that you can
get a clear direction.  Now
when we come to 8 MA, it remains nine by default.
You have to set the length in its settings.
Rest everything has to be kept the same in it.  The time
frame will remain on that chart.  Now the logic is
that in any intraday trades, the
average of 65 candles is considered as a very strong
support and resistance.
So whenever 65 you can do one more thing
for better understanding that 65 as
I have chosen here.  So
what I did was, I thickened the 65 EMA
line here so that it becomes very clear what
I have to do.  Now see,
whenever the price is trading above the 65 EMA,
it means either go long or do
nothing.  This is the rule.  Trend
means when the price is moving above 65.
This means the price is bullish on the one hour
time frame, so you just have to go long or do
nothing.  That is the first thing I do.
After that comes the turn
of entry.  So how do you see the entry
or how I look at the entry?  Always
wait for the price to close below the 8 EMA
and
give you entry after closing below it.  If the entry is long, the
price will close below the 8 EMA and if the
entry is short, the price will always
enter and close above the 8 EMA.  So as soon as
a candle is at, now it can contain any number of candles.
Rejection Candle Dominance
Candle There is no problem with that.  But a
candle should close above or below the 8 MA.
I will show you an example right now
and you will get better clarity.  Like
this is the live chart of Bitcoin right now.  Here
we see that the price is trading above it.
This means I have to take only long
trades or do nothing.   Have to sit and
wait.  Don't do any shorting.
Although there is entry for short here
and it has also gone in well but we just have to go
long.  Now closing below
means that if you see, this candle is
not touching the 8 MA.  Perfect
here you are alert.  You
will see that this candle is also not touching.  Dominance
candle.  We just have to look at this candle and
see this type of entry.  There should be such a gap
between the 8 AEMA and the dominance candle.  Now as soon as the next candle crosses its high,
this candle
is an alarm candle for us.
Here we have got the alarm whether it is
triggered or not.  Now we are going to
make a long entry from here.  And the next candle will
cross its high.  Below this will be
my stop loss plan.  The end target
we can expect in this is around 1:1 1:2.  That's
it.   I
try not to take less than 1:2.  But
sometimes you have to buy 1 in the market.   It
is better to avoid them.  Take a 1:2 trade
or a 1:3 trade.  That's it.  Where
you will feel that yes, the market will
give good momentum now.  So if we look at it from this perspective,
first we see where the entries are
and check both the entries
because right now this is a live chart
of Bitcoin for 5 minutes.  Here we had a
long entry in
which if we talk about risk reward then the
market gave us 12:2,
okay?  After that, if we look
here, then see, the entry has been made on the same dominance candle.
8 mA is not touching.
And in this the stop loss is given to us at the end of the low of the same candle, which the
market has given us here, it
went up to 1:4.  I assume three.
Got three.  This is a very good thing.
You will see that the time frame is only 5 minutes.  It
is a very simple strategy.  Okay, let's
watch the short scene once.
In short, this is a great entry for a short.  A
rejection candle is formed and closed above the 8 EMA.
Now as soon as its low is crossed,
our stop loss comes here.  Here
our short market has also gone down.
But because the price is trading above the 65 EMA.
So we cannot short here.
Just have to wait for the long one.
When to short?  When I go short, the
price will go below 65.
Because then it means that the price has just
shifted from the buy side to the sell side.
Like here the price was down, so here
I try to look for short short
trades.  Now look here
where I have got entry.  I will
explain.
Not touching.  Not touching.  This could
become an entry for us.  This one.
Ok?  So the market is not moving here.
Our stop loss was hit.  A stop
loss came up.  No problem.  After that, this is
becoming a good entry for us which
gave a target of almost around 1:2.
Then after that this is
becoming a perfect entry for us.  There is a rejection candle.
In this we can use both dominance and rejection.
Ok?  I had
told earlier that dominance rejection both we can
use but only in intraday and not in scalping
only in intraday.  And in this
almost I think we would have achieved a target of around 13.
This is the top loss in this thing.
So when the price is trading down then we
just have to short there so that
we can eliminate the confusion.  Now
you might be feeling like taking a long here.
Because it closed below ATMA
and then the market went up significantly.  But
we see 65 as a trend.   I
plan to go long only if the price is above that.  If the price
is below that then I will short.
You can also see a good example of short entry here.  This
is just an example.  Can't take short trade here.
Because this price is currently above 8 EMA.
Here SL can be hit anytime.
So my effort will be that when the price
goes below this, closes, then if I
get any short entry then I am interested in short.
Because there again we
have two confirmations.  Firstly, the price is
trading below the 65 EMA and secondly, we have
also got a short trigger based on the 8 EMA.
This is a simple EMA
strategy.  Now I will tell you
not to trust me directly right now.
Do a backtest.  Do a backtest first.  Then
do a forward test and only after that you should
execute your position.  And this was
intraday.  I hope you have understood.
Practice and all the best.
