Hello hello hello, I can hear you
 
Can You Guys Here
Me Good
Afternoon, good afternoon, how are you?
people hello hello good afternoon good afternoon
Hi
Bhavesh ok let me just share
This thing with the community yes a while
I start in five minutes
OK, I hope you can hear everyone, one turn
Tell me the sound is coming quickly
All is good, all is good for the benefit of all.
Good, tell me quickly guys, everyone.
Can I hear my voice or not?
After many days, today we came live.
And from January 6th you will see this thing daily.
Milegi and Daily we will do something
ok surprise came without any warning yes
We should keep getting surprises, right?
If I can hear my voice well at one point
If so, just write this down for me once in audible form.
Will you understand or not, yes my voice is coming
Rahi Hai Clear Just Type
Audible Just Type
Audible will share my favorite strategy.
don't right now
Worry love you too Vishal what is prize action
Price action is price action understanding
Making a Plan That Is Price Action in Short
Everything comes inside her candle stakes
Support, Resistance, Train Lines, and All This
things audible perfect okay alright done i
Let's start with Get the Feedback Quickly
Now if you are watching the recording
So make that start a little bit further into the video.
If you extend it for 10-15 minutes, you will see clearly.
Let's go now and start
So I am giving you the complete agenda of this class.
Let me explain what we will discuss.
are going to do okay so many I
I have created videos about trading for you.
Exactly how to start, okay but
Still I get hundreds and thousands of
DM Daily or not Sir, how will it start?
Give me the road map to do it or you know how.
If I take the first step and the second step today
It's time to take the first step today.
People will start things, look it's been 2 years.
It's been 2 years for me, yes, I mean, it's been 2 years since January.
It will be years since social media came to an end
After making so many videos, it's good
Even after that, if things don't start
If so, then somewhere you are getting lazy
Now you have this after this class
There should be no reason why the boss is right.
I don't plan or start things from
It's very important that you understand this.
What is the advantage of starting early?
It happens a lot, there are many people like this
who saw me 2 years ago
And they've started things off.
Imagine those people are already two years older than you.
Okay, so what do we understand here?
Exactly what steps should you take to get started?
I mean, I will take all those steps for you.
I will show you, I will tell you, no, look, this is like this
It doesn't happen that we walk holding one hand.
Look, first you have to do this like this.
have to do it then this karna hai like this you have
to do it then you have to do it like this
Do the full thing so that you can get two benefits in future also.
The first benefit I will get from this is that
The number of people who are watching live right now who have come
They will have a proper road map.
And they will understand that no, yes, like this
have to start and secondly further in future
Will anyone ever ask me, Sir, how do you start?
Tell me what the road map is.
No course verses are needed, simple
Come and watch this video and learn the whole thing.
He will have a complete road map.
After that he has to take steps free from himself.
sit it okay now first let's finish this
We will discuss, the class will run a bit long.
You know about it can go for around an hour
So keep patience and sit, after that we
People will discuss
Some things that I feel like
No, yes, the market will behave like this in 2025.
can talk a little about crypto
Let's talk about stocks.
I will do it, okay and also many people will ask
He was talking about the club, so about the club
I will explain it to you in LA.
Okay, let's not waste any more time.
Let's start straight away I'm mine
I'm going to share the screen, so you can tell me
Tell me about New Year discount on course
Hey, don't worry, I will teach you this course.
There is no need to join and
Think about it, you'll learn the rest of the club here.
Whatever discounts etc. will be there, they will be available now.
Let's see, you know all the things I decided
There's a lot more things evolved
So everything is a complete decision.
I will tell you, don't worry, it's okay now.
instagram2 very nice hoser 20000 followers
Very good and still here
We have a long way to go ahead of us
Okay, so now I'm going to start.
Now focus quickly, tell me what is the club
What is Dunga Club, discuss each point one by one.
I will tell you well what Kitli is.
club and then you guys tell me as a
Look at the feedback in the club that I
There are assisting students, they have already come.
Yes, but you must have seen that I just did some
Have you ever advertised it or not?
Get people to join this, join that.
He is already my assisting student.
What is the main purpose, you guys call me as a
Please provide feedback on whether this is the right thing to do or not.
I will not tell you my intentions
I will tell you clearly, you people will say sir
If it goes well then it is great, we will continue
If not, it would be good if my existing
Stents are ready dead in it, after removing it
I'll stop there It All Depends On
You Guy Are Fine
Now we start our class.
Quickly from the first step, so in 2025 if
You have to start with the very first step
So what should be the first step?
So how do you see yourself like this?
You will see it in phases, okay, keep this in mind.
wherever you are taking notes
Write down what you are going to divide.
Yourself in Five Phases: Your Complete Trading
Five from the beginning of the journey to the end
Something like this is going to happen in Faces now, how
I'm going to share my screen.
Look it's okay
Right, okay, my screen is visible, right?
Hope is visible
gotta can you see the
Can you see the screen? Tell me
Guys tell me quickly I am not able to get
The Feedback screen is visible Next Start
Write 'Visible' if it is visible.
Write visible, RSI is relative.
Strength
Index screen is visible
Yes ok I hope you are seeing the screen now
Let's Start
not visible
Can't I try to write something?
Not visible eye
second just moment just moment just
moment okay just a
Moment
BS
Not a second
[music]
yes ok it is visible now it has come r i no
I could see the close duck window okay
I'll dim my screen a little.
Perfect ok now I hope everyone can see it
the screen is showing
can you see the
Jalebi
Yes it is visible and like it quickly
Give and don't spam yes don't spam or else
Then I have to close
Okay, just focus now, I'll check the chat too.
If you can't find it, focus here and there.
Everyone is seeing the screen right now.
I hope it is visible now too
everybody hey thank you so much thank you so much
Late Perfect Okay let's start
Right now I want you to think in five
terms five phases okay a little bit of mine
It is said that the handwriting is bad.
whose
His handwriting is bad, his mind is
If it moves faster than my hand, then something like this happens to me.
Whatever you want to understand, understand it face
three four and f I didn't write it correctly
Never mind you will get the idea now phase
What comes in Phase One?
Here comes the basics of the
Markets, okay, let's start here.
We do
Today Dehi Dunga Para Full Road Map Phase One
Which markets are traded?
Four Types of Markets Are
their stock
Market Crypto
Is the Forex market legal?
I will tell you what is illegal further but right now in four
Markets are due
Commodity is fine, you need to understand these four things.
These Four Things Are There Now Market
After understanding, brother who does not know anything
The first step for that would be to
Understand where trading takes place
What markets are good?
Sorry after this market, you understand
What are the segments within the market?
You are there because you are in the same segment
Do you actually trade
For example, if we talk about the stock market
Let me write the stock
market so right now in the stock market you
what can you trade you can trade
Yes, direct
shares which are called
equity so equity is a segment okay
What is the second segment?
Futures investing is not working right now
I'm just talking about trading.
Where can trading take place?
OK Shares & Equity Futures 3rd
Segment Hai Options
These are the three segments in the stock market.
to trade
So get it now and invest as well.
This happens if you have to hold for a long time.
Buy shares and sit down to invest
This is done, by buying ETF in this way
You can sit, that's also an asset class, okay?
There are three types of butts to trade.
We have segments in shares and
Equity followed by futures in one segment
After that there is a segment called options.
We have three segments
Now you do one thing for yourself.
Keep asking questions, okay boss, I have some
I did not know about the types of markets.
I understood about the four types of
There is a market, now I will tell you a shortcut
Okay, let's say I want to understand what is
stock market
youtube1 great video you can watch
This will help you understand the stock market exactly.
You will understand what it is, okay, like this
Shares buy and sell are operated in such a way
The company lists its shares
Then people start buying and selling in it.
The company gets money in return
The company gives away its shares to raise funds
The company brings its shares to
is in the market, so you will get a
I gave you Halak but and you got deep
You will get an explanation of the stock market
All you need to know about the crypto market
Simply type it and go
youtube0 Make it Gold Ho Gaya
Silver has been done, copper has been done and all this
After understanding these things in the market,
In which segments do you trade within the market?
If it happens then these three things happen inside the stock market
Segments We Now Have in the Crypto Market
Let's see which ones are inside it.
segments
There are three crypto markets right now.
This is the first segment
Is
Futures are just like in the stock market
There are futures here too, but its
The future is better than age compared to
Normal Once Then After
In
Spot now like equity in stock market
like equity in the stock market
Similarly, it is called spot here.
Spot means like we have seen in stock market
I bought the shares and sat down and said buy.
I held it, when that share increases then it will be ours
Money will be made in crypto currency as well
Spot market happens that we have bit buy
When Bitcoin increases while sitting idle, then money will be made
It will be formed and when it does not grow, it will not grow
If it falls, there will be a loss, but it is okay because of that.
There would be options later.
So these are the three segments of crypto.
If we talk about the market
Commodity
Then we will discuss where and where
You can trade, okay, commodity talk.
do it then
Futures is one option and the other is an option.
Correct
Forex Only
Futures One and Only
Futures doubts cleared, you understand the market
I have come to know which ones are there in the markets
I understand that there are segments.
Now let's move a little further.
What is Sa Futures
This will teach you the basic principles of trading.
You will understand what these two options are.
A type of contract
contract means wherever
There is a contract, not even a second is visible
How is this ok hold hold up hold up
Take a minute and check it out.
After the future spot, it stopped for a second.
What is Vibal
brother ok it's visible
Now So What's in Futures Crypto
There are segments, I am telling you.
Futures is a segment in Vari crypto
spot is a segment and then
The options segment is only in commodities.
There are futures and there are options
Later, Forex would only have futures.
Okay, understand this future and option spot.
I came into crypto what is that
Buy crypto and sit back, your money will grow.
If it is not made then it will not increase and money will not be made.
Done spot if we talk stock
In the equity segment of the market,
It is the same, buy the shares and sit back.
Go, when it increases, money will be made, it will not increase.
Money Won't Be Made It's That Simple Futures
End options are these two because these are every
This is the place, it is also in the crypto market
In the stock market as well as in forex
If it is a commodity then both of them are of the same type.
They have their own contracts
There is a difference in the validity of both.
What are the futures in both at one point
When it expires after one month
In this, money is not zero in options.
The money becomes zero in me, just these two
There is a difference in
ok this is how you have to understand
Now let's talk about where you trade these.
You can talk about crypto where
In the description of how to trade, I
The link is given Delta Exchange is
There, what do I do about it for now?
I will trade, I will just hold worlds and some
I will not do it, I will just go and trade.
Money made and withdrawn and why
I am doing this because it is directly to me by the bank
Providing facility to transfer from
I transfer my money directly from the bank
I can exchange directly from this to this
I can take my withdrawals at the bank.
I need to evolve from a third person.
There is no need for any Pitu P hassle.
I'm fine with that, that's the thing
Now talking about the Indian market
I have given the link in the description
It has happened but which applications I
I am using money, I am using
The interface is very nice and I love it
Everything about it is amazing
It is working properly so trade
I am using this for and its
Apart from which accounts are you using it?
I have Angel One too
and apart from this which one is also used
doing
I am sorry, there is Zerodha also, so all these terms
I have it, it's okay
What are the good commodities we can trade in?
Yes sir, your demat account is Dhan or
Zerodha or Angel One you can trade in the same commodity
You can trade, you don't get time during the day.
Commodity, do some experience commodity
What is a little expensive, works cheaply
No, it is a bit expensive but an option
The same is used in your demat account.
Now let's talk about Forex.
Where can we trade forex?
If so, Forex in India exists only in name.
It is legal but has so many restrictions that
Only if you put it in the illegal category
It is better that now whatever is illegal, I
I will not suggest you, although people do
and some of you are also doing
You might have been there but mine is because of you guys
Trust me a lot, I'll never tell you that thing
I will not tell you anything that I would not do myself
I must be here, what can I do myself, I haven't come.
Will I do it again when
From here Dubai will move Dubai will move
I will go there and I will move as
Go there and open an account.
Gave my money so that in deposit withdrawal
No problem and start your own web from there
Login here and trade India
So that my deposit and withdrawal are all there.
nothing is happening here so that
I am not worried about legality issues, I am worried about India.
What is the problem if I trade?
Which are the good applications that come
Majorly people are using access
ok where does the problem come in
Sir, problem arises P to P
I am telling you everything that is there, the rest
You think you are so smart yourself.
You can evaluate it with your own mind.
Everything is fine, see where the problem is.
Hey friend, why is this pause again?
going
Is it creating sensation this time?
Olly ok so the problem in pitu pee is this
that is
Like forex trading in India
The government has said that boss, you are India
You cannot trade forex in the currency
If you cannot evolve in exchange then its
Meaning, Action itself can no longer do it to you.
So what did they figure out that we
I will make you pee, peetu pee means that ex
Axess or whatever broker your Axess is
Binance is gone, it's become whatever it is.
You have a middle man now what does he do
human being who is
He is selling currency as if he has
I have USDT and the other person is his
If you have INR, you have Indian Rupees, then this
What it does is match our order to this.
Let's say we need USDT of 000
If you need dollars to trade, what can you do with it?
Will it match our $1000?
He will get it done and we will send him money in between.
This is not Evolve, we are not sending money to it.
We sent the money to a third person and he
I have been given US dollars, okay sir, what is the problem?
what is it no problem it's great
It's great as long as you have it
No money should come from any account which is
that he is involved in any fraudulent activity
What if it is involved?
There will be an account
Freeze, I'm not scaring you, tell me the truth.
It's your call, the rest is yours
What would be the problem, for example, if someone
Money in your possession from a fraudulent account
came so what will happen are
Brother, now it's better
The problem will be that he told you
Your account is frozen and money is sent wherever
All the transactions you make will be frozen.
I had a student who did the same thing
Is that money now deposited in his account by someone?
Such fraudulent activities are coming from that account.
His bank account got frozen.
He gets a credit card from his bank account
I made the payment and it got frozen too.
The poor man worked hard to earn 50 rupees. I think how much
Maybe it took me up to two days and then after that
Withdrawal taken frozen
So now I have it from 00 1000
No, if I want the value of my time
So I want to do big things, so when I do big things
If I have to trade in C then I will take such risks
I can't take it, otherwise I will be left with nothing.
so it's up to you now okay infact
I'm not scaring you, just assume someone flacked
Once the money is credited to the account
What is a locked account if money comes into it
What will happen if it goes, so now you understand this.
CO call ok
Why am I using Delta Exchange?
Because if it gets closed due to the bank
So I have no option in India.
Then I will not touch the Indian market.
I will work because I have legal issues.
No
Should a trader know what a trader is?
Not that I am in the Forex market.
If I work, I will make more money crypto
The market will become more Indian market
Yes, the forex market will become more
The crypto market has its own benefits and
I clearly agree and I want
The crypto market operates 24 hours a day
Managing positions is very easy
There is a lot of liquidity in the forex market.
There is a lot of price action working very well.
Knows all the terms of Indian market
I feel like gap up, gap down, this
A good deal of accuracy also got involved in the affair
But that thing is bigger than legality.
There is no deposit withdrawal, it should be done with love.
I am assuming tomorrow right now
For example, I just used silver
ETFs are being bought, swing is fine
A small amount of capital was used for trading.
If there is also a bus of Rs 5 lakh in it then doti
But he is above and now he is waiting for more in this.
If he doesn't want a little more, I'll do that more later.
Position needs to be opened for around Rs 50 lakh
In that, let's say tomorrow I will invest Rs 50 lakh.
Position opened and closed in ETF
funds or closed
Zerodha my money in demat account
My money is safe, my asset class is safe
It is safe, that is not going to happen in crypto
So when it comes to big money, I have
All these reasons to be very skeptical
I am being very transparent too
I have explained it to you, it's your call
Okay, now let's move on, now you see.
Primer in Trading and Investing
What is the difference, what is trading?
If you don't get likes, don't tell me about it.
I am calling it and taking it out of the phone
My hand will come out of the phone like this
out okay and hit the like button like this
I will come anyway, just like it.
Quickly watch the video, OK Now Trading
And investing understands two of these terms.
Your trading mind will open up from here.
what is what is trading if we let's
from this is the mouse okay this is the mouse I bought for 5000
Bought for Rs. 1000 and sold for Rs. 6000, that is trade
Bought for 5000 and sold for 6000, technically it
A trade made me a profit if I
Doing it again and again on a repetition basis
so what is that
Gaya Trading will become Trade Trading
It's That Simple Crypto is Legal Crypto
It is legal, not illegal, okay, it's that.
Simple
Good trading and investing make a big difference.
What happens in trading when
The market grows, sorry for investing
Only then can you make money from your letters if
I said goodbye to Ta Motors today, don't say goodbye.
I am just taking the example, okay I am
Whenever I say anything to anyone or to the media
I never say anything to anyone, never say goodbye
Take suggestions, do your own research, and learn
If you want to make it then say goodbye, I have said goodbye today.
I have done it for ₹ 7740, okay now I have paid Rs.
I invested ₹1 lakh and it became ₹1500, so my 1
lakh will become 2 lakh but if it is less than ₹ 40
If I get 350 then I will be left with 50000, that is
Half the money means only our money then
A trader will be made when the market goes up
The difference is that a trader gets to analyze
and he grows in analysis
Can make money even in a volatile market
Can make money even in a falling market
That's why when the market starts falling
Or a real one begins to grow
You will be a trader and you will never put him in panic mode.
You will see it
No, never
You will see his portfolio, even though he
You have invested and kept it, it has gone down
Because of that, we can say that this is the market
That's it, but for a trader
It doesn't matter if the market falls or falls
has to
because it wants the market to
He does not want the market to fall and rise.
It became a bit neutral
Okay, so like I told you, right?
You guys don't trade around the end of December.
Do you trade before or after that?
Karna volatile is very high professionals
Even better for Few of My Colleagues
R saying this I am enjoying it a lot and then R
I said late because I have already done what I wanted to do.
If we don't know how to trade then we have to short these.
Volatility is needed, the market will move
Only then will we be able to make money, so this is
Primary Difference Between Trading End
Investing Now I have told you so much
It has been made so well that even now if someone makes a new one
It is starting, am I telling you the truth?
Shame on you, go and drown like this
If you still can't start, then start.
I have done all these things, they have become clear.
Open your demat account and do not deposit any money.
Right now at the very beginning, first get the
Feedback from the market, everything is already open
I have done it and started now
decide that
Should I trade or not?
Understand his nature well if you
If you are going to trade, then you should assume that
Let me give you one thing, that's
Whom do you pay the fees to?
You won't give me the market
You have to pay fees to the market
Here it is the cost that you incur in the initial phase
There is a loss, right? I have seen the ways of loss.
Don't
Do it, okay, for example, if you do it today
Some lattes
start a business okay business
You leave any studies you have started.
Now you are doing MBA, suppose you have two
Wherever you invested 4-5 lakhs, you invested ₹ lakhs.
I planted it in the hope that I would go and study
My total cost is coming to ₹ lakh and beyond
I'll get a job later, let's say a job.
I did not get it then what
Then what will you do, can you say this?
Oh no, I lost 5 lakh rupees.
And I had applied for it but I could not get the job.
This is not happening to me, that is not happening
I lost my money, you never tell me.
You say these words, sorry, you say these words
Yes, friend, it will happen now, I will happen next.
I am working hard, why do you say it here?
Is it like this, hey, I have lost, this is what happened to me
That's it, you brought 10,000 initially.
I brought 15000, I brought 00, I brought lakh rupees.
fees
is the fee
Okay, just looking at her like this is the fee, Mark.
You have to give it a good chance to trade
As a beginner, what should you start with?
Should you start with investing?
Then one should do one minute trading
This is as a beginner where do you start?
From Investing to Trading
Look, today I will dispel one of the biggest myths.
I
I even spoke after going to the tax office.
Y
If you go and see something else,
Is he a big investor or someone who understands the market
I have experience there, everyone says
Hey boss, you should never do trading
Needed
You should stick to investing only.
You will trade at a loss
The one who sits after making a loss himself will give you
This gives suggestions, now I am not saying this.
I suffer losses, I also suffer losses.
Everyone has losses, it also happens that
I made all the money throughout the year and by the last month I was completely done.
Sometimes he became more aggressive and entered completely.
This keeps happening but on a clear note to you
Trading is about setting your mind to it.
Investing is a skill and a necessity
There is no logic behind merging it.
No, it makes no sense not to trade.
Do investing, don't invest
If you don't trade, you must invest.
Do I want to do trading options or do I want to do that?
What not to do if you are in trading
There will be losses, you will have to work hard.
Time will have to be given for two-three years for the result
You may not see it if you buy this pen
If you are ready for it then the rewards will also be big.
becoming
Yes, then money also whenever it comes in one go
What do you say, lakh rupees, I just said
I took a BTST trade the day before yesterday for ₹1
There was a BTST trade of 27000 and for 9000
Next day market gap up open at 9000
That means there was a profit of Rs 81000.
Investing is just so quick.
Will it not be possible so soon?
Trading will be possible, then there will be losses too
It is not true that there are no losses, even losses
Although I took training after
There are butt losses too, but that is a skill.
There is a loss profit loss profit in it
Investing is your necessity
Such a person should not be here.
That you should not invest, boss, you have to invest.
It's not an option for you I hope I
Enough Mfsa is done investing is
One thing set in your mind that I
To be an aggressive investor or
I have to save capital and move ahead, my age is less.
So I will say, be aggressive myself.
I am in aggressive mode, which means I am investing in small caps.
I am more focused because
I get huge momentum right now. Wealth
If you want to create wealth, then create wealth.
Taking big risks in fewer stocks
You won't believe my portfolio
I have only four stocks and that's it, and those four
I am aggressively holding onto stock
I will enter the market because it will enter.
There will be loss and it will have to be borne otherwise if it goes away
Then the story will be made only then, so that
Is the thing now that big money has become le se
Then we have the option to
that now we have to be on the safe side so we should
If you don't buy it from the bank then Nifty 50
TF bye or you have a job
I should say that friend, I am not very greedy.
I just want the money I'm investing.
It should not sink and should continue to move on that basis.
Then Nifty ETF is the simplest and best
Is the Nifty 50 ETF an option?
Then do more research and many more.
ETFs are mid-cap 150, do this
Multiple ETFs are there four to five TFs
I have taken it out and I will tell you later.
I will make four to five videos on ETFs.
I am holding ETFs short.
You can choose any of them, okay?
I'm going to be on ADFC right now.
Small cap ETFs, I'm very into them.
I am aggressive, if I enter then I will enter and we will see.
If it increases, you will get good returns.
Pat I am ready for the risk so investing
It is not an option
you have to do it you have to do it am
Saying again and again you have to do it later
There is no option, now let's talk about trading
It is an option if you are willing to risk pain
Ready to lose, ready to do it straight away
I say, don't keep profit in mind.
Trading if you are ready to make losses
Your
For brothers are alike when a person comes to know
It is said that one of the truths of life
The ultimate truth is death, what more can one
The person will die, nothing much will happen to him.
If something gets stuck in the mind of the person
friend, everyone has to die after getting punishment, so when
The fear of death goes away from the mind, right?
There her real daring and real next
If the level thing starts then the
In a similar way, if your mind is worried about loss
Fear has come to an end and real growth will begin.
Start in trading so if you are for that
Maintain Ready Ho Khaaye Ke Tension
So okay, this is how you can get back to this.
Come let's lion talk again, now you analyze
Do
Yes, the analysis is good for trading.
How do you lettuce
C Technical
Analysis Now what is technical analysis
Hey Let's
Understand what the agenda is, two agendas
is to catch the trends
And the turning points are just these two main things.
Topics, these are the two main topics you train
You hold on and where will the turn happen?
Which is the market or technical analysis?
This is also the main agenda, only these two things should be agreed upon.
It happens that if we do these two things,
set
ok now how will we do it
This good technical analysis is a huge
There is a chapter, many things come here.
Support
Resistance candlesticks trend lines
Market Structure Smart Money
The concept is good and is being used by people all over the world.
have prepared their own strategies
He is
Now you will feel that friend, I have done all this.
Let me learn something then I will be able to do it somewhere.
The answer is
No, today I will make this one thing very clear.
I'm going to do what I thought the boss was going to do
Before you start trading, every
The person needs counseling
In which he can understand this a little bit completely
I may not understand it, but I may understand a little bit.
What is his nature and his trading skills?
If you know the nature, what is the nature of trading?
And why we majorly fail
Keep this in mind and let us continue further.
Look at the first one
We are doing any normal work.
Accept Trading We are doing business
I am preparing to become a doctor
Engineers are becoming any XY root
Apart from Trading Apart from Ding
If we do anything extra in it,
The more knowledge we acquire, the more our growth will increase.
that much
There will be more knowledge and more
Growth if we talk about trading
You can specifically choose 10 types of trading options.
Learn setup and you also learned SMC support.
I also learned resistance and candlesticks.
Also learned trend line price break off
Structure Change of Character Sub SMC
What part is this? I have learnt everything, now what?
It happens that you have learned multiple things.
Have more knowledge, your graph may be bad
I'll go and see what happens many times
Did someone tell me this?
I did not tell you and look for it in the jack, maybe someone
If you find such videos, it's okay and if you find them,
Let me know in the comment section of this video.
Look at pinning it too sir, this is also a human thing.
I Don't Think is a single about this.
The video will be about this topic from people that
One Strategy Follow One Fruit Why
Follow no one
Tells why it is important to follow
Do it is there because if we have multiple
Seeing things and working on it
I have recently added a very good one.
Video but again not many views
Only those who are real people should go and see them.
ok i'll show you
You will get the answer of hoon wo wa here
Will put up a video of the best platform
I already have it, go and see the description
Yes, you will come here, this is our channel, okay?
Do one thing, go and watch this video.
Trading Decoded That If I Got Update Red
Just do this video, I did it completely live.
If you go and see what session I took, you will
You will understand why a strategy
It is important to follow the full probability
I have talked about this, so if you have this
I've seen you'll be sorted okay and
Nobody even looks at me much anymore
Yes, but whatever I have seen, I have got it.
No, there is no such video yet where
If we are talking then you learn more things.
You will see 10 things in the chart because know
What is reality, reality is everything.
works
But when we try to learn everything
If you do something, it doesn't work
do you
Yes, everything works, but everything or something
It will not work because everything works
When you learn everything, you
There are 10 things visible in the chart and when 10
When you see things, you think, friend, I
Should I go here or here or here?
Should I go here, where should I go, what step should I take?
What setup should I take, support rest is visible
Our trend line is coming down towards the RSI
There is also a diversion of volume and there is also
What is coming, are you understanding, will you
If you take the wrong decision, you will lose.
The only one who knows that my friend
When to enter on the dominance candle
Large dominance candle near support
I have to sit and take entry there.
It will remain, it is done, when it is ready, it will take entry
When he enters like this, let's say 10
If six out of 10 lets trade
Trades also went in his favor, only that is happening
Very
Good, that's the thing, okay, okay, understand this much.
come in
This point is clear now let's come
are its
What you should learn after
I will suggest you start
Do support and
Resistance is fine
is if you
Doing intraday trading specifically
and scalping
If there is a swing then there will be very few people
Swing is a different story.
But only if intraday one minute screen
is visible
I can't see the screen I can't see the screen
I can't see Hal Intraday anymore
Scalping does these two things
There is only support
There are three types of end resistance
Look now, there is time in it horizontally.
Those who draw such zones for
Later, the trend line is also a type of support.
Resistance itself
Let's draw like this and then
Retracement: Well, are these three likely to come?
There is no need for even one of these things.
I need one thing, just one thing, or just one thing
Learn Horizontal
And promise me today that you will not leave this place.
I'll just work on this for a month.
I will never watch any of my videos again.
Don't even look, I'm talking
Okay, just work on this.
I will execute the trade I am taking.
I'll track it and see what happens in six months.
When the result comes, you will be interested and will enjoy it.
You won't say anything, yes someone actually said something
I have been given a birth age or just a trend
Learn the lines or just learn the fit.
Okay, don't learn everything.
You will learn how to tell
Yes, I have given you the complete road map.
I will tell you where to learn from
hi sorry
where did it go where did it go where did it go
See how the video was made nine months ago.
To trade with support and resistance slant
Wizd
Traders open
You will understand this by looking at it
How is the video
Who is this person, he has just joined, who knows?
No, I have not joined, anyway see this
You will understand the quality of the video
What
okay go and see this and take
Set OK, then what will you get from this?
What will you understand from this, if you see us sometime
Planning intraday and scalping trades
If we go there then our
We need answers to the two questions in front of us.
are the first
We talk about the language of buy or sell trading.
In other words, long position or short
Where can I open this position?
Where to Buy and Where to Sell Where to
Buy and Where to
Cell OK
Now where to buy and where to sell this
Answer means that now for example
Let's open the chart, okay, let's open the chart.
Let's chart Bitcoin itself
Now I have this chart open in front of me.
The first question is what will happen to me?
What should I ask where to buy and where to
Cell means that in this chart I
I can buy at one place and sell at another place.
I can, although the time frame is different.
don't cover it up
what are you seeing right now
This is a good resistance area up to
Before that, there is this resistance area.
Did I use a lot of rocket science?
There is nothing, just use it
And this is a support area right here right now.
Can't buy because what is the price
going up, going consolidating
It means he is struggling, look at the price
Is it understandable that anyone seeing this
I can tell you and if you listen, you will learn.
Don't worry what is visible in it, price na
It is consolidating, well what is the price now?
between
The price is still in the middle, where should I buy?
I can do it, see where I sell it.
I am coming live and telling you in the chart if
If the price comes here then I will buy it at this place.
I can plan a sale, sorry, plan a sale.
I can
You will find the answer to short buy sell here.
If it comes, I can plan a sale.
Suppose the market hits my stop loss
Diya then next zone I have best of the
The best zone then is this whose probability
The highest thing is that if you come here, the market
The chances of falling are the highest so if my
If you have patience, I will wait here.
Otherwise, if my first trade of the day is mine,
I might as well try it here.
Bye where can I plan bye here
I can plan because if the market
When I came here, from here to here
A room near the market
You will get the answer to the first question
Second question: what comes intraday?
I have become one, one to buy, one to sell
second one two
Buy Went to Sell OK
The chart is here, now it's time to come there.
But when should I buy it and when should I sell it?
What we can learn from candles
Sticks How It Works
learn candle
Sticks Course
Wiz Trader has come, both parts have come, part
One part two 11 months na
Months, watch these two parts, oh sorry bye ba
Screen not sharing
Yes, it is simple, go and search for candle
Stick course is available free of charge
Check out the course
I have explained this in simple terms.
Patterns from around the world and the Hanging Man
And this is that
Clear what will happen to you with this
The answer to this thing
It will happen, right?
Buy and One to Sell at which moment buy
Who has to do it, who has to set the sale, now see
Understand the logic behind candlesticks
Candles tell us price behavior
Who is coming into control now?
Suppose the price comes here and here
Come and show you dominance candles like this or like this
Dominance, this is strong dominance.
What does it mean when a dominance candle appears?
What the price is trying to tell you
That now this resistance selling thing
Zone tha from here the price is like to go
Down Take the Trade Put Stop Loss Takes It That's It
This is the work of intraday
Baad Swing is a bit complicated people
They call swing easy but my swing
Complicated is a next in swing
Level H is required for accuracy in swing also.
It is high, okay
Now this is what I just told you where to buy
Wear to sell and this technical part
This is the phase
Two Technicals
Well, when you look at the charts like this, Jonas Mark
You will learn to do it and the chart will be in your favor.
If you start going then you cannot do that you
Trader turned into being an analyst and becoming
A trader has a lot of difference
Is there anything you have planned in the chart?
If things go in your favor, you can't
That you are a trader, your analysis is good
Work from Now to Become a Trader Now you
Face three is coming
I will have to learn risk management
First thing if the capital is big then money
Learning Management
You will have to learn risk to reward
and learn position sizing
Risk management and money management will be required.
I will have to learn these terms, how will I learn them?
Risk Management
Bye
Wider Lo Aa
What is this risk management video now?
If yes, then 15000 people have seen it, there are no views.
Because no hour makes any difference
Technical interest has just been created in this chart
Nobody is interested in Trader Men.
To see the navel video I made
Now one more thing, this reality is sometimes very
I get frustrated even with the Peepal tree, Sir.
Do you keep explaining the basics or do you want to listen to someone?
There is no future and only a few people would have
You have to listen to this, now watch this video
I made
I know in this particular video
What is the value of this video?
in this video
But it won't get any views
Watching, I can bet it won't get any views.
You guys can make it viral yourself, that's a different matter but
There's a scene with Chance Hale on 99.9 that
It doesn't have views
Chances of getting into this will come, it just requires money.
You can see that I made a profit.
Look, you will see it now
Look at this, I just made 0000 in the last
You will see these 81000 singles
Trade and whatever that is, that too 7 lakh capital
and it also has some It's Like Swing
There is no intrant but
swing
Okay, I understood this face, you get all such faces.
Even if you don't go, I will make you one in the future, don't
And now the face is completed, now you know what?
You will have a face while coming to Th
There must be a profitable edge if you have it in you.
Still no profitable edge
So look if I know everything, every single one
I am going to make a video on the topic now.
I will sit if I understand every topic starting from
I'll give you at least this live
The stream will run for me maybe 36 or 40 36
It takes three to four days more than that.
I will go on continuously telling you everything.
Ko in detail auras baat hai human possible vo
So that's why I have made a short video, you can watch it
Go now face four and face four is useless
For you until you face tha in a
Do not reach the profitable edge
Even if there's not a lot of money here
It will be yours but you at least either accept it
You have 100% capital, okay I am
There is no value, it's all a game of percentage
This happens on 100% capital, suppose you have 6
Made it for only 10 after working for a month, okay?
Now don't compare yourself to him.
Hey man, I made it to 10 in 6 months.
This is very useless to me, so mutual funds
If he gives me 6 years old at 15 then I will be so
Why am I working hard, it is not fixed
If it is today then the market will go down tomorrow
All be cool
It will go well, it is worn with your skill, so
The skill with which it was made has made it today
It will also be made and will continue to be made in respect of
If the market conditions are good then trading is
Better if you become
In Terms of Everything
Now I made it at 10, that is also fine, it is not made
Pay break even point is capital saved completely
Loss is good, then profit is good
Then after that face four
I have to learn these four things about how to overcome fear.
Now it will be controlled, it is a matter of controlling it.
I will tell you in simple terms, you can understand it in one line.
Fear will come, as if a person is afraid of something.
There is a fear of dying, okay human.
Whenever you do bungee jumping I never said
But bungee jumping is fun for many people.
People are afraid of swimming in water
If I don't get down then why does he feel scared?
They are afraid of dying, afraid of swimming
No, I'm not going to die bungee jumping.
I am afraid I am not jumping from the helicopter with a parachute.
I am afraid of dying with the helicopter, not afraid of the helicopter.
If so, in the same way you know what fear is
What happens when you lose money in trading?
to
There is no fear in trading anymore
There is only fear of losing money
whether it is taking an initial loss or
A trade is already profitable
That profitable trade should be kept in mind
that hey friend if I don't leave then this is my
If the profit is lost then ultimately you
If there is a fear of losing money then this fair control
There is only one simple option to do it with your mind.
Make sure that loss doesn't matter to me.
and if it is making a difference then you
If you are not a trader then you still have more work to do.
It is needed and it also took a year or two
Let it seem like it's okay, but if then your mind
The day I sat down, this champion came to my mind.
It is very easy to sit and talk in me right now
I'm saying this because it's on my mind now.
You are listening to that thing that has settled down, you will feel
Hey friend, yes done, from tomorrow onwards I will get the money.
Isn't afraid where to place your first stop loss?
Won't you do it like this, oh friend, shut it, it's a loss.
It happens, it's human, we are human, we haven't changed.
I can, but if there is no option then I am afraid
This way, fear control will be good.
Done, the grid will be automatically controlled.
Greed is okay, as good as you did in phase three.
I understood how Greed is in control FOMO
Market cycle video will be controlled
Go and see what I have just shown you.
In which I said that views will not come.
If you watch this video then FOMO will go out of your mind.
It will go away because that thing is on my mind
So no FOMO for three months.
No intraday trades, no sculpin
Curry videos are not coming while trading
Why are you not coming and sitting patiently?
I don't have the patience to sit for three months.
Without doing anything, I can do everything
instagram2 trade if you get it then you get it
He is not even doing it on the main capital.
Similarly, this is also 360 on small quantities.
There was just quantity, so the market moved well.
Made money became more else it's like
If you start from 6th January then if you have
That patience is great now in the meantime
Did the market not give momentum like this?
There have been movements in the market that the market
One thousand two thousand two thousand in one day
The movement of points is given as 1500 1200 1300
Point I think this is also recent or previous
If the trade had been done in three months and
The plan to convert 1 lakh into 6 lakhs is to get trapped.
Potential market
But no regrets, no FOMO
Because I have understood that as a cycle, you too
You will understand that if F comes to your mind then
Greed Fear and Fear of in Phase Four
Missing out, okay, these are two different things.
Controlling then comes in Phase Five.
Understanding yourself well and
Taking some steps daily so that you can
Keep improving a little bit like every
Every trade teaches you something.
Single Trade Will Teach You Something If You
If you want to learn from him, then do some trading sometime.
Like you say you back to back, pre
You make a market plan, okay, next
The day market will open like this, we can do this
Yes, they can do it, you've done it all now.
When the market ended, you posted
Market Thought Ever Given Pre Market
Everyone makes plans, post market thought someone
I don't even know if you heard the word
The first post will be Market Thought Post
In Market Thought, let's see what we have
Today he trades basically
What can I learn from him, where and
It could have been improved a little more
It is very important to keep the scale, just track
Don't say, okay, I took this trade.
I took a trade here, okay, okay, this is it.
My journaling followed this stop loss.
Where is that particular trade a little bit?
And there was scope that the trade could have been even better.
If there was a stop loss then where was the profit
Could have happened when we were doing such daily socho
In a year we will do it daily.
to 200 times
Your psychology doesn't start working.
And that is the full road map of trading is
This is how you should proceed
Now I am really happy that everyone
The doubt must have been cleared and apart from this
Give me one more thing on your mind now
There is a step by step process that first I
here zone here zone here zone face tha
Start making money until you are making money
Otherwise, you are at least breaking even if
That thing could not be done even in the face mask.
Meaning you still need to grind more.
ok now this point is clear
Went
hoga ab explain you about
Market conditions which I plan from here
running
I want this video can I get it
The video will be uploaded. This video actually
I made it because people
Road map for people who want to know the basics
New people should come into the market every day.
So I have a
You have a video and you have one too.
Sometimes someone asks you, friend, I don't know anyone.
Please suggest a video that I would enjoy.
A complete guide to trading from the ground up
If I get a road map, I will go and take it myself.
Can I find someone to show me the way?
Just do it like this and send him the link immediately.
The ending of this video is fine
you can do it like this okay
Now let's go
about the markets
Look, I'm going to start six.
people
More mainly focused on the Indian market
I am doing CT scan, the results will come soon.
Main Valley Market will be visible
And if the market isn't telling me this
The market will fall but I will remain mentally
I am prepared for more falls from here on 10
So if this falls, I mean I will be at 5.
I am expecting average but if more
Five, I'm expecting five more.
I won't be surprised if you go.
normal
So if you want to trade then in trading
It doesn't matter, yes investment
You can walk a little from your point of view.
Be skeptical about whether it's okay or not, yes how
You Have to Basically Look to Your Portfolio
Again, I can't advise you, but
What plan am I going to take?
Mentally from here at 10 and the market down
If I go then I am ready, no worries
Well, you all must have seen it
2026 and
2027 everyone is saying at this time
The market will crash, something big will happen.
It will happen, it will happen and honestly I also think so.
is there something
It will be a strong one, okay, on this I
I will make a dedicated video that I
Why do you feel like this, but now you understand something.
I give a meaning to mine, mine
I have a huge thesis that's behind my board.
It's made up, everything is written there.
How much in the market plan 2025
Expected to crash and fall
Then after that side wedge then biggest
Market crash, when will it exit liquidity?
Big Crash is written all over my back
In the board behind me okay glass
But I will tell you one by one in the board
I can't tell you, it will take a lot of time.
But let me explain one thing to you.
It will become clear when you tell me this
Then after that I will tell you about the club of
About Okay Now I Will Show
You are clear brother
Oho
Dude, the rest of the Ducati blog is yet to come.
I have to see him very quickly, okay first.
I am telling you
ok don't talk to me now
Believe me, I can't see the screen.
looking
The class is over, perfect.
Watch the recording and hear my voice again
and my screen recording is showing
It is not visible anymore
Tell me you're in face having three strategies
Even after this, the most important thing is to
Manage Your Risk Efficiently and Too
execute it
Properly
Ok Shubhas only basic will work, make it advanced
I have already got liquidity, equity etc.
So I had already made it in
If you go, you will see advanced topics also, okay.
Now don't take my word for it, but what
hey you guys are my family like okay
So is this my duty or not? Yes, you
Let me tell you everything I'm thinking
It is in my mind and you guys are also in your thoughts.
Tell me, I am not saying this behind this thing.
I am sure the market will fall from here, this will happen.
It will happen but you should do this work for all the years
They are written, just go and track them.
what had happened
We wouldn't be far behind if we
normal only
Let us know what happened in 1999 and 2000.
If you don't know then go and Google it.
do it
2019 was its peak, then in 2020
It happened, we all know, don't you know, just google it.
2007 was the peak, melt down what happened in 2007.
ok then after that
In 16, something very big like a minor happened.
Was
Good
2026 now
26 Will it become too aggressive?
Boss 2035 is very aggressive as per the calculations.
It is written
2036 Yeh Hai Main
Game but global things so heat up hoke
It is kept in mind that if it is written here 2026 then
If something great, something big happens in 2027
If anything happens in the market with a bang
anything can happen
I am not shocked
It means if the market goes to 50 then I
There will be no shock. Hey, hey, hey, what is this?
I suddenly became mentally unstable.
I am prepared
Apart from this, there is another region also but I am la
If you are mentally prepared then you are fine with this.
Now!
You can see it as per your wish but I like it.
I explained it well to you
this is the thing
And I just don't believe in it either.
I wouldn't believe it if mathematically here
There would not have been a date in 2019 and in 2020 our
I would not have believed what happened in front of me.
would if the date here wasn't 1999 and
I would not have known what happened in 2000.
Aur believe na karta yahan pe 2007 date na
And what happened to me in December 2007?
I don't know, we all know that wouldn't have happened.
So I don't believe in it other than this
If you go and see 1965, 1945 and 1927 also, then
you understand
whether it will go
Okay, so this is it now.
Current Scenario The way I market
Now It's Like Yours
Call me, I am mentally prepared and know
Let me tell you one more thing, I will plan it now as you
People are getting to see something okay
There are videos etc. in a great way
2026 Well, I have some other personal reasons too.
I understand astrology and all to me
There are some other personal reasons but
2000 25 is about to come, isn't it, 2000
from June
Take
Let's assume 2000-207 means approximately two years.
I've been putting trading on pause for years.
I will give you a pause
I will give
I will do it, it means this cannot happen, it is possible
Sculpin won't stop butt
I don't take any risk in swings etc.
I will take it and do it with understanding on intraday.
Scalping will be on to see all that.
It will be fine, but this is specifically
It's like, understand this my love
There will be holdings, but not at all
Will be in the market from June onwards
Take a pause will be the one beyond which I am doing this
I am walking keeping in mind that the boss is giving me
Those people will have to sit till 2036.
All the stocks will be those holdings.
or the investment on which
I have bought the company, I have seen the market
Why not do this and that in the market?
I have bought that company
Investments that will last me a lifetime
Time to hold for short term
I had one year or two years
right now out am out okay so this is my
I had a plan that I should share with you
Guys okay now tell me which one I am
I'm going to take this with Class Plus.
Is this thing right or not?
Students who are assisting students
He is already there, okay sir, for free.
All
People don't teach, they support, it doesn't matter.
Dozens matter and in fact, you know, tomorrow something will happen.
Accept that if a mistake is made, it happens.
na like ya if you do 10 things right and one
If something goes wrong, then everyone will climb up.
I will come and see you
Now I'm going to take an initiative.
People tell me it's fine or not later
Let me know in the comments who will come later.
I'll watch the video, okay, that's on my mind.
What is I Should Bring Out a
club okay i named it
Traders
club well look at one more thing majority of the
People what do they take it, they bring it
and then I just do show you that no
This will happen, that will happen and
See the Profits and Let You Get Attracted
To it's me asking you guys only
that it will be fine if it will be fine
I will open it for everyone, otherwise who
I will stop my existing students there.
What is Point Understanding from the I Will Do Application
What did I think of this club?
I started on the basis that whatever I trade
takes
I plan, I analyze,
I took a screenshot there and my own
I have shown you the money invested.
So that you can understand it in the live market.
No, yes, how did you do the work, what is it now?
I told everything theoretically
Understanding how B&W Live works
The first thing I thought of doing in it
I am making my second stock market trade
I can't share my crypto with you.
If I can trade in Delta X
If I remain active then I will trade crypto
I will take it myself and post it in it and that
Not the trades I told you about now.
You don't understand, we will have a meeting before that.
I will tell you how much I am going to risk.
The trade you and I would have taken ourselves
Running Trade, its screenshot and its
What is the stop loss that I placed so that
Again, if you want to take it, you can take it.
Yes, Else, can you understand it or not? Yes, this is fine.
I applied this logic to the market.
How did things work? Okay, this is second.
thing then and same thing I will do for
Forex but I will do that only when
I will start my account there.
Because I will do that thing only when I am myself
I mean, I'll show you when I do it myself.
I will be enjoying it more then
I have planned what happens now.
Like we do Meetup, so in Meetup
The crowd for discussion becomes too much
I don't get time because everyone
Wants Photos and Hota Rata Hai I Also Love
It I don't want anyone like this if someone comes
If so, this should go without a photo of it.
If you wish then it's fine but I don't consider it.
Myself as an Influence and What I Am
Just a teacher and a photo with the teacher
Normal hai bahut option gree p video banaye
It probably already happened, okay, let's see now.
In this I have planned that Avery
Every month we club members have a meetup.
We will do it and in that meetup last month we
How to plan what trades were and what to expect next
What can we see and what is live?
things in the market or that cause them problems
I want to share that problem and do it like this
So that there is a space for traders and us
We can discuss this, okay, I have said this thing
I had planned it, I had thought about it and along with it
I'm on a ride with my students right now.
I am going to leave, I mean for the last one and a half years
I am developing a passion for bikes.
You are looking at this, I did not drive away.
I have bought bikes, Super Pea
I bought the tea and am thinking right now hi booza
If you are hopeful then take some booze too.
I will take it from you better tell me I will poll
I am creating, tell me what is it, yes, Boosa
I should buy Legend, it is a good car
Where does the bike pole come from, friend?
I am not giving you the option, tell me how to take it.
Should position sizing be a video?
Ready go and see
So a police report has been filed against the fake channel.
Already and you guys also report
go ok
So now if we are club members then we
People know each other face to face
If you are there then you will know that you are with them.
It is also fun to travel, so we
Will go on rides and travels as per your choice
Whatever time you have, do it like this, so it is fine
What else was there, there were one or two more things, all
Just put it down one
minute, so now you guys tell me whether this
It's a good decision, I'm thinking about something like this.
If you say it's good to spray then
It is not good to open it and it is not good to close it.
Well, yes, one more thing
We will meet and do something very good
remained
It will be in the trade itself to boost it further.
To motivate and increase his
Val Gaval Give Him Rewards and Do Good
He might not be planning beyond that.
We will do group discussion and how
We can improve where the problem arises.
All these things are being discussed, it is okay and whatever
good returns that will yield good returns that
will be doing well
I will give him the
The capital was big, capital, this was also there in it
Because obviously I have found it
I know by face and I can
See all of your history in your entire Demat account.
Ka to I will take your demat account
I will see how you are doing and if
You performed well, I agree
You are trading on 1 lakh, you are trading on 1 lakh
made
50000 then do the same thing for 10 lakh
5 lakh will be made and will do
5050 ok
If these are my thoughts because honestly
Let me tell you, people do find out.
No, how could you have seen more of me?
The videos were not coming till now, here
I have become more active
This is for the rest of the people who do it.
Hats off to him literally but me
To be able to teach in class at a quality level
Being able to manage trades along with it
It is not possible to do social media in
I can't do this much, so it
Like if I was more active here
So what is my trading frequency?
It gets worse in trading
If I am active then I am on social media.
I am unable to stay active because
I have to choose between the two
ta some times okay so if suppose I less
I am active, I know my students
If you are doing good then only you will do good
This is what we are planning to do now.
You guys tell me will it be a good decision on
The poll option is not available right now.
No problem, just tell me how it will work.
It should be fine, it's a good idea
Just try it, I will not give any suggestion.
Not right now
what do you think is it a good idea
Good idea, okay, let's go, I think I will.
Do a meeting today with the team and this is the
Thing Now I Hope Everyone Understood
I've got the good feedback and that was it.
Hope you enjoyed it, everyone understood and learned something.
You have the proper road map now.
Can Just Start is no longer a region
not starting okay good one more
They call this thing capital force, it is not capital.
I don't have this, I don't have that, capital
If you don't have it, then arrange it and go and find a job outside.
find a business do something you can do it i
I saw one video in my normal
You will see me completely different
Whole Luck Is Going To Be Transform Six
That is my promise I will
Do it for you because you guys follow a lot so
Let me do one for you, okay, in terms of
Money I'm being motivation to you Hannah
How to work well on ethics
I am being motivation to you but
I should also have motivation physically to become
For you people, I have become that person.
I'll show you okay in six months
Will See Me Totally Transform
Now if I say it now, it will be more fun to do it.
Isn't it good, then I will tell you how to join.
I found the link on how to do Harkesh.
I will give it to you whenever it is over, put the class link
I will give it in the description so now let's
If you don't have capital, you won't even get a job.
Join Zomato
Friend, what difference does it make, will you do some work 00
If he starts with that then things will happen.
I am not even getting it by going to any school
Start teaching like this, take normal coaching.
Start taking home tuitions
How many options are there, in fact, if it is 12th
Even if it is in the class, then fifth class children
People Do
It means you don't have any excuse.
We don't have the capital to pay it.
Because when I had the capital
I did all these things myself in coaching.
Go to coaching and work as an assistant
When coaching starts, he starts doing it.
You can set all table labels before starting.
You do it and see that everything happens in the set time.
Is it true or not that he used to get so much salary?
000 So I used to study there in the evenings.
In time I go to coaching part time
Do a job, you will get some money later.
From there slowly start your journey
Just do it, I will not take it anymore
Don't worry about Subhash, I want him.
No, I don't like trading.
I don't want shortcuts, I'll do it slowly.
I want to be natural because
Building your body to look great
What matters most to me is that I
I should remain physically fit, I would have to run away from here.
If it remains 1 km then I will be able to run comfortably.
My body is made of it, I am not able to run away
I don't want that and I
Anyway, this is I prefer God's food which I
I say these terms oh god food to me
I like to go to God Food, I like to eat more.
Times I'll Take Way Protein a Little Too
I will take it in the beginning so that I can gain some strength.
If I have strength, I will take Cretan etc.
I will not take any other supplements or
Then nothing like this because I am like people
Are you going to follow me so I can't speak?
Yes brother, whatever I did was natural.
That everything it's all natural whatever it is
I left a lot, whatever it is, okay, one more thing.
Whenever you let's arrange capital now
Done, accept that I am saying that you have
You got a job and spent half of Rs 15,000.
But you are able to save Rs. 3000 per month but you cannot save Rs.
You have now added 0000 in 10 months.
0000 when added to your pass out of 30
Leave aside 20 and start with 10,000.
You will do it because that ₹ is going to go, you will pay the fee
If you start the market from scratch
If you are doing this then you have no knowledge like this
ok that is how you do it for intraday
Choose two or three stocks in the same
Plan another option, this money control is open.
Do whatever you
There are stocks with plus %, meaning two 2
But around which have increased from two to 2
But or market if very in the market very
If there is no speed then the ones at 1.5 to 2
They have stocks, go and buy them.
You can do a trade plan, okay, this is all.
About a Trading Road Map Now No One No One
Has any excuse to do with this share now?
Do the video whatever you think it is
Yes, if you want to start near her
Real guidance is available for many
