So, you want to learn a strategy on how
 
to become successful in trading. And if
you're watching this, you've probably
watched many others and you are not
successful in trading. You haven't made
money and you want to know how to. Well,
let me tell you something. The markets
have completely changed right now with
Donald Trump coming into office. And
this is my latest and most updated
strategy that will make you successful
in 2025 and for the rest of Donald
Trump's term because the markets have
changed greatly and we have reacted and
adapted to it very fast to capitalize
off of it. So, welcome to this video and
let's begin. So, for those of you guys
that don't know, my name is Alex G. I've
been trading for the last 7 and 1/2
years and I have made well over $10
million in the financial markets just
trading currencies alone. I have them
crazy flips. I've taken $100 into a
million. I've shown everything publicly,
the whole nine. But something is
happening right now in the market that
even affected me as a experienced and
successful trader. And it's a pattern
that I saw in my journey as a trader.
When I started trading 7 years ago when
I was working at Dunkin Donuts, I
started trading in Trump markets. And
for 2 years and a half, I was finding it
very difficult for me to become
successful in Trump markets because it
was very unpredictable. and I was also
getting started in trading. So I didn't
become successful. Then Biden got
elected and the Biden markets came in
which were very slow, very easy pace and
I became not only a successful trader
but I became the trader and the person
that I am today where I have made tens
of million dollars in the markets from
trading alone. And now the markets have
changed back to the Trump markets and I
see the same patterns that I saw when I
started trading 7 years ago. Markets
don't respect market structure. trends
aren't following trends how they should.
Entries are having major liquidity
grabs, fake outs, and wickouts. And on
top of that, you need more extra
confirmations to enter a trade because
Trump is coming out with new laws and
new regulations every single day. And
all of markets are being affected by it.
Now, this caught me by surprise because
since I'm used to trading Biden markets,
when new Trump markets approach, I am
used to trading a certain type of market
volatility. And from one week to
another, everything completely changes.
I entered a two-month losing streak. My
entries weren't playing out as they
should. And I had to take a step back
for a second. I'm like, "Oh, wait, hold
on." The strongest currency in the
world, which is the US dollar, has now
changed from Biden's hand to Trump's
hand. And Trump is going to do
everything he possibly can to make the
dollar stronger, even if it's going to
cost the US money to do that. And it
costs other currencies to do that. And
why does that even matter for the
foreign exchange market? Because you
can't just trade one currency. You can't
just trade USD. You have to trade the
USD versus the euro, the USD versus the
pound, the USD versus the yen. So if
you're trading the yen short or the yen
long, you're also trading against or
with the dollar. And this can have major
fluctuation in price. And even if you're
not trading the dollar with other
currency pairs like NZDC CAD for
example, you're going to see a great
effect in that market just because the
strongest currency in the world is going
through so much change right now. And
now this can be a good or a bad thing
depending on what side of the table
you're on. If you don't have any
experience, it's going to be a very
difficult time for you to learn these
new markets. If you have some type of
experience, then it's going to be easier
for you to adapt from Biden to not
Trump. And if you're an expert like me,
it takes you some back testing for you
to realize what is going on that has
happened in the past. Now, I've always
been against back testing because I
personally don't believe that it works.
But in a moment like this, it is very
needed and I have found something where
I have now somewhat modified my strategy
to the most updated and latest version
in 2025. The basis of my strategy still
remains exactly the same. I'm not
changing the foundation of it. I'm just
being a little bit more conservative,
being a little bit more strategic with
areas of interest, and waiting for extra
extra confirmations where we're going to
break everything down in this video. Oh,
and if you're a scalper, day trader,
swing trader, intraday position trader,
investor, you are being affected by this
no matter what. But it's okay. In this
video, I'm going to teach you how you
can use this strategy to your benefit,
and you're going to be able to
capitalize off of it and not be confused
on what's happening in the market. Oh,
and to clarify, nothing is actually
changing from my strategy. I'm still
trading with the trend. I'm still
entering at an area of interest and I am
still looking for an entry signal. The
foundation is the same. What changes is
how I do it. Now, I'm going to give you
the best example and analogy that I can
possibly do. What I was doing in the
buying markets is I would go to the
beach, I would get a surfboard, and I
would surf a wave. Now, the way this
works is as a surfer, your job is to go
to the beach, find the best beach that
has the cleanest waters, has the most
amount of waves, doesn't have any
sharks, doesn't have any rocks, so you
can have a great surfing day. The second
thing is you want to make sure that your
surfboard is waxed. You want to make
sure you have the tie strap tied to your
ankle, and you want to make sure that it
has all the rubber on top so when you
get on, you don't slip off. And then the
third is when you're in the water and
you're looking to enter the wave, you
want to make sure that you enter the
wave in the middle, not too high, not
too low, so you don't fall. Now, keep in
mind, I give you this analogy without me
ever surfing a day in my life. But you
understand the concept behind surfing.
Now, fast forward to Trump markets. I am
still a surfer, but now the only
difference is that when I go to the
beach, instead of me looking over the
top of the beach to see if there's any
sharks, if there's any rocks, usually
beforehand, that would take me 1 to 2
minutes because I would trust the beach.
Now, it's going to take me 1 to 2 hours
because I want to make sure that I can
look a little bit more indepth if
there's any sharks further out in the
ocean, if there's rocks hidden under the
waves. And before I actually even go to
the beach, I want to make sure that I
have a brand new surfboard, that it is
waxed freshly in the morning, not prior
nights. And I want to make sure that the
tie wrap is brand new. And when I go
into the water to actually enter the
wave, I will only enter at the middle of
the wave. In the last markets, I would
enter at the top, middle, bottom, and I
would still ride the wave perfectly, and
there was no risk of me falling. But
now, in the new markets, I'm being a
little bit more conservative at what
point I would enter. Now, if you notice,
I'm still a surfer in both markets. The
only thing that changes is I am a little
bit more conservative here and be a
little bit more respective of the ocean.
Why? Because you have to respect the
ocean because you never know what it's
capable of. And that's exactly what
happens in the markets. With the buy the
markets, I got very comfortable. I was
very used to taking trades that were
somewhat sporadic or high risk and it
worked out great. But now the markets
have changed. So what I'm doing now is
I'm just being a little bit more
conservative and I'm respecting the
markets more. And just like any beach
that you go to, there's a risk of there
being jellyfishes, there being sharks,
there being stuff in the water. And even
though some beaches do have a lot of it
and some don't, doesn't mean that one
beach is better than the other. Because
from one day to another, these things
can appear. All we're doing now is we
are being more aware of it and being
more conservative and respecting it more
because we understand that there's a
higher risk associated with it. And this
is how a mature trader would be thinking
with Trump markets like this. A beginner
trader would completely disregard that
now there's obvious visuals of sharks,
of rocks, of jellyfish in the water and
what happens? They get caught. They get
eaten by a shark and then they have a
bad experience from the beach and
surfing and they never want to do it
again. But not us as experienced
traders. We understand it. We change our
mindset. Instead of being aggressive,
we're being defensive. And we're being
very strategic with this because we find
more opportunities and we capitalize off
of it. So now, this is the mindset parts
and the mature way on how to approach
the market. Now, I'm going to teach you
how to actually trade the market. And
these are going to be the exact steps
that you need to use in order for you to
actually enter a position exactly how I
do it nowadays. So, the first thing that
you want to look at when you go trading
to the markets is going to be the trend.
The trend is your friend. And trust me,
you do not want to trade against the
trend, especially inside of these new
Trump markets. The best analogy and
simplest analogy is if the waves are
surfing west, don't try and surf east.
Go with the waves. It's going to be a
lot easier rather than fighting them.
Same thing here in the markets. When we
go identify a trend of the market, we
always have to start from the top down.
Meaning, we have to start from the
highest time frame to the lowest time
frame. So, we understand where the
majority of the time frames are headed.
For example, we're going to be using the
weekly, daily, and 4hour to understand
the basis of what this trend is doing.
And then after we understand what these
time frames are doing, we will use a
2hour, 1 hour, 30 minute, and 15 minute
to look to enter the trade. So out of
all of these six time frames, seven time
frames that I have here, they are
grouped by what they will be used by.
The higher time frames, weekly, daily,
and 4hour is purely for trend and area
of interest. The 2h hour, 1 hour, 30
minute, and 50-minut is purely for
entries and has no association with the
trend. It's very simple analogy as well
is these higher time frames are the big
waves. These lower time frames are the
small waves. You're not going to enter
on a small wave. You always want to
enter the big waves. You got a longer
surf. You get cooler pictures. And it's
somewhat safer to enter a wave further
out in the ocean rather than very close
to the shore because there's rocks,
there's sharks, there's people, etc. So,
when we go understand that the market is
bullish or bearish, we want to make sure
that we can tell based off of the market
structure. Market structure is going to
be every single one of these elbows that
we have that creates a high point, a low
point, and a high point. This market
here has shifted from being bearish to
now being bullish. This market currently
is bullish with this being the latest
higher high and with this being the
latest higher low at this point right
here. So, this is the start. We have the
weekly time frame bullish. So we would
take out our trusty notes, we would put
weekly and then we would put bullish.
Then we would go down to the next time
frame which would be the daily and we
would get an understanding of what is
the daily doing. Is the daily bullish or
is the daily bearish. So same exact
structure we would start from here.
Higher high. So say higher low, higher
high, higher low, higher high, lower
low, lower high, lower low. And this
daily body engulfed above that structure
point. So technically this would then be
bullish as well. So here we have daily
bullish and then we would go to the
4our. So we go down to the 4 hour. On
the 4 hour, we would be able to read the
market structure and determine if this
is bullish or bearish. Because as of
right now, we have two time frames
telling us that the market is heading to
the upside, which already makes more
logical sense to buy rather than sell.
Trading is already 50/50. It's either
going to go up or going to go down. And
you want to create the most amount of
confluences that you possibly can. So
you enter this trade in one direction
rather than the other. So if we were to
read here the 4 hour and say we start
off from here higher higher low higher
high market has shifted here bearish
then we created a lower low and
currently we are still bearish because
this right here is the lower high at
this structure point right here and this
is the lower low at this structure point
right here. This is bearish because the
body of this structure point did not
body close above this right here. I
don't count the wicks. The wicks are not
real market structure. The wicks are
just wicks. It's where price has been in
the past. But price never really
actually closed or stayed there for a
period of time. A way that you can look
at a wick is as if you were to have your
feet wet and you walk into your house.
If you go from your door to the kitchen,
you leave a trail. But if you stay at
the kitchen, that's where you end up
staying for, let's say, for a picture.
You got caught that you walked into the
house with wet shoes at the kitchen, not
at the door. The footprints from the
door to the kitchen is the trail. This
wick right here is the trail, but where
you got caught was here in the kitchen,
which is where the closer of the body
is. So technically, you didn't get
caught because of the trail because the
trail could have been anybody else. You
got caught because you got caught being
at the kitchen with the wet shoes. So
the trail doesn't really count to
identify if the market structure is
bullish or bearish. That is just the
history. What matters are the bodies.
And if you were to add the line chart to
this, as you can tell, the lines though
create points at these structure points,
not at the wicks. You notice every
single line is at the body of the move
and not at the wicks because market
structure is purely off of the bodies,
not off of the wicks. If I remove the
candlesticks, you can see here how this
would be the lower high, lower low, and
how none of these wicks are being
factored into the equation because once
again, wicks don't count. Now, wicks
don't count for this specific example.
I'm going to explain you what wicks
count later in the video. So, we
understand that this time frame is now
bearish, which is cool because now we
understand that we have two higher time
frames heading to the upside and then we
have one time frame heading to the
downside. No big deal. The strategy
remains the same. We need a minimum of
two time frames in sync in order for us
to take this trade into the direction
that the consecutive time frames are in.
And these consecutive time frames are
the weekly bullish and the daily
bullish. So this means we have two
consecutive time frames that indicate
buys. We're going to purely be looking
for buys. We are not going to be looking
for sells. If this were to be the other
way around, let's say the 4 hour would
be bullish and the daily bullish as
well. We would be looking for buys as
well. But let's say that the weekly is
bullish, the daily would then be bearish
and then the 4hour would be bullish. We
would not be looking for a trade here
because there is no two consecutive time
frames in sync in order for us to be
taking this trade. But since that is not
the case and we do have two consecutive
time frames, we will be sticking to buys
purely. So now that we understand that
the market is bullish, we then move on
to the next which is going to be the
area of interest. So areas of interest
are only identified on two time frames
especially now in the tren markets to
have a high probability trade which is
simply going to be on the weekly and on
the daily. And this is for a ideal
intraday/day trade/swing trade. You want
to look for a swing trade for an area of
interest on the weekly. You want to look
for a day trade with an area of interest
on the daily and maybe on the weekly as
well for an intraday trade because you
want to hold this position for a little
bit longer. In this example, this is
going to work perfectly for both
examples for an intraday trade day
trade/swing trade. So since we
understand that this is the high point
and since this is the low point over
here, let's just place this one as the
higher low, we understand that the area
of interest could only be looked for
inside of this higher high and higher
low. This could not be a area of
interest because in if price were to
make it to this point right here, price
would then shift bearish and we are no
longer bullish. Meaning that this market
would then have a lower low and then
this would be the lower high making the
weekly time frame bearish and not
bullish which we should not be
interested in buying. So we have to make
sure that the area of interest that we
place is being placed inside of the
higher high or higher low. And if for a
coincidence, you're a beginner watching
this video and you don't understand how
I'm marking this market structure so
fast or how I'm identifying an area of
interest so fast and you don't even know
how to read market structure, make sure
you one, you subscribe to this channel
and you check out my other videos
because I have videos that teach you how
to do specifically one of these things
for a very long period of time and to
the tea. Now, I'm just teaching you the
strategy, not the howto of each thing
inside of my strategy. So, make sure you
check out my other videos which are
going to be right here. Make sure you
hit the subscribe button to this channel
as well. So, back into finding the area
of interest, which is going to be the
second step into identifying a high
probability trade with the strategy that
I use inside of Trump markets. We
identify this as the higher high. We
identify this as the higher low. We
could only find an area of interest
working from this high point down. Now,
an area of interest can only consist of
a minimum of three touches. If we do not
have three touches, an area of interest
is not valid. And an area of interest is
basically what it is set. It is an area
of interest. It's not a line. It's not a
dash. It's not a trend line. It's a
little zone. And the zone should not be
bigger than 60 pips. If you notice, this
zone right here would be exactly 41
pips. And again, I have videos on my
channel explaining on why it shouldn't
be bigger than 60 pips. So this right
here would not be a valid area of
interest because we only have one tap,
two taps, and that is it. A valid area
of interest needs to have a minimum of
three. So this would not be a valid area
of interest. So we would start from this
point here. We'd put our higher low and
we'd keep working our way down and boom,
we would make it to this spot here where
I already have the area of interest
marked up because this right here has
one tap, two taps, three taps, four
taps, and five, which is a much stronger
area of interest. If you ask me, if you
were to compare it to this zone right
here, what do you think price action
would have more of a reaction from? from
an area that has one, two taps or from
an area that has 1, two, 3, four, five,
even six taps. Obviously, the six, you
want to put your money behind the zone
that is much more respected. Perfect
analogy if we were to talk about
surfing. You would much rather enter a
wave that gives you more an indication
that it's not going to just crash as
soon as you enter on it, rather if it
is. This is exact same example here. But
inside of the higher high and higher
low, there could be more than one area
of interest. So, we can keep working our
way down, working our way down, working
our way down. And then we can run into
this structure point right around here.
Let's make sure that this is not bigger
than 60 pips. And this is right around
exactly 60 pips, which is perfectly
fine. We have 1 2 3 4 and five taps. So,
both of these are weekly areas of
interest, meaning we would want for the
weekly to come back into these areas in
order for us to enter this trade for a
long position for a weekly trade. So, we
would have this as a weekly area of
interest one. And then this would be
weekly area of interest number two where
we would anticipate for the weekly to
have a retracement here or here to then
have the reaction that we would need to
enter this trade to the upside. This is
the ideal swing trade. Now we're going
to go down to the daily time frame and
find a daily area of interest so we can
have a daily day trade and not have to
wait as long for price to retrace back
up into here. So the daily time frame
since this would be the higher high at
this point right here. And technically
the higher low would be at this point
right here. We would have to look for an
area of interest inside of this higher
high inside of this higher low. So if we
were to drag this out to the left, we
can start working our way from the top
down. Obviously not as of a big of a
zone that we would want, but we're just
I'm say I'm using a realistic example
from the markets. You notice here what
do we have? We have one, two, three,
four, five taps at this area of
interest. We can even make it a little
bit tighter, which would be even better
for price. Here we have one, two, three,
four, five taps, meaning this is the
valid daily area of interest. There is
multiple rejections from this area. So,
what would we need in order for us to
take this trade to the upside for a day
trade? Is a retracement here to buy. If
that opportunity does not present itself
to enter this trade here, what will then
happen? The daily time frame would then
shift bearish. And once it shifts
bearish, we would head to our weekly
area of interest where then our weekly
area of interest number one, we would
then look for entries to execute the
trade at this point here. So the beauty
of this is you don't have the beauty of
my strategy at least is you don't have
to only be a swing trader or only be a
day trader. You're setting up a scenario
on whatever the market gives you the
opportunity. And it's going to make a
lot more sense now when we go into the
entry point. So after you understand now
the entry point for a potential day
trade, an entry point for a potential
swing trade and essentially a entry area
for now the day trade which would then
go down to the 4 hour, 2 hour, 1 hour,
30 minute, 15 minute. On the 4 hour we
would understand that this would be the
retracement area. we would understand
that the 4hour is bearish because that
is the lower high and this is the lower
low. But you may be asking, Alex, would
you still take the trade to the upside
even if the 4hour is bearish? And the
answer is sure, but I need a valid
rejection pattern in order for me to
enter this trade. And this is where
we're now going to enter the entry area
of the strategy, which is going to be
the famous head and shoulders pattern.
Whenever you enter a trade, it's because
you're entering the reversal of the move
that is happening at that point. Perfect
example is going to be if the market is
bullish. When you're entering a buy,
you're not entering a buy at the highest
point. You're entering the buy at the
retracement anticipating for the next
push to the upside. Inside of this push
right here, there's going to be bearish
structure to make it back into this area
of interest. Inside of this bearish
structure pullback that price is going
into your area of interest, what you
need to wait for is going to be a
reversal pattern or a shift of
structure, also known as a head and
shoulders pattern, which has been one of
my most successful patterns. has made me
tens of millions of dollars in the
markets by just simply waiting for it.
Does it happen all the time? Yes. Will
it happen all the time? No. You need to
be very patient for it. And sometimes
you'll enter it. Sometimes it won't
work. Sometimes you'll even miss it
because it doesn't give you that
pattern. And that's perfectly fine. This
is our edge and it's part of the game
that we're trading. So price will have a
retracement back into this area of
interest. And as of right now, it is
potentially creating that inverted head
and shoulders at this area of interest.
So what I would need is for price to
make it to this right shoulder and then
break that neckline, have a retest of
it, and then we will enter this trade to
the upside. Perfect example that I can
do this is this one right here. There is
a high point, we have a left, we have a
head, and then on the right shoulder,
what did we do? We broke the neckline
and then we retested it. This is an
example of it playing out perfectly.
This is an example right here of a left
head and then a right shoulder and it
never broke the neckline. So if we would
have been taking this sell, what would
have happened? We would have taken a
loss if we don't wait for that extra
confirmation. So before when I was
trading the Biden markets, I would just
take the trade anywhere in the pattern
of the head and shoulders just because
it worked very well. Now in the Trump
markets, I must wait for the break and
then the retest of the neckline of the
head and shoulders. It is the only
confirmation that I will wait for to
enter the trade. I am not entering a
trade beforehand and I am not going to
enter a trade in the middle of it. It
has to happen a perfect break and
retest. If not, I will not be entering
the trade because as you can see here,
multiple times, not only did it work
here once it did it here once it didn't
do it, it didn't work. And then here as
well, if you notice, this looked like it
was creating a left, a head, and here on
the right shoulder, it basically never
stopped. Before in the Biden markets, I
would take this trade here all the time
because I would anticipate the right
shoulder. But that is no longer the
case. I must wait for a shift of
structure or also known for the head and
shoulders pattern at the area of
interest. And if I were to get this
pattern on the 4 hour, if I were to get
this pattern on the 2 hour, the 1 hour,
the 30 minute, whatever looks the
cleanest, what I will say is I will stay
away from the 15-minute. I haven't
officially moved it away from my
strategy just yet because I want to test
it a little bit more with the buy the
markets to see if I can implement it
somewhere in the strategy. But in the
last 3 months of me using the strategy
with the Trump markets, I have found
zero use for the 15-minute time frame.
If anything, it's just confusing me a
little bit more. So, for now, I don't
want to completely remove it. I still
want to give it a chance. I've been
using it for the last seven years of my
trading and it's kind of I'm kind of
attached to it. It's made me money. It's
lost me money, but I don't see a lot of
use of it now in the drug markets. And
before I make that decision, I want to
collect more data personally as a
trader. So then I can make that
decision. So once you do have your head
and shoulders pattern that has formed,
which for example, let's say this forms
like this, and then we have our break
and then our retest of our neckline of
our head and shoulders. We would look
for price to then have the entry signal
which we would enter the trade at the
neck length and then we want to make
sure that we can give it a breathing
room from either the right shoulder or
the head of the move. So this would be
the right shoulder. This would be the
head. Perfect example from this head and
shoulders we can either give it a
breathing room from well the right
shoulder happens to also be higher than
the head which is perfectly fine. But
let's say if we were to be taking this
trade right here, we can either give it
a breathing room from that right
shoulder, which is this one right here,
left head, right shoulder, or we can
give it a breathing room from the head.
It would just depend on how big your
risk-to-reward is and where your take
profits would be placed. And that goes
on to my next point, which is part of
the entry signal, and it is if you're
going to be entering a day trade, you
have to place day trade takeprofits. If
you're going to be entering a swing
trade, you have to place swing trade
takeprofits. It's just simply how it
works. And your stop-loss needs to
directly correlate with that because you
cannot enter a trade unless you don't
have a minimum of a 1:2 risk-to-reward.
Any trade below a 1 to2 risk-to-reward.
Even if it's a 1 to 1.5, it is simply
not a profitable risk-to-reward. It is
not going to work. All of my trades are
a minimum of a 1:2. And lately with the
Trump markets, I've been cutting them
off right at the one to two. I created
the slogan set and forget. I even
trademarked it. Like I literally own the
word set and forget. I own it. And I
have not been set and forgetting lately
because Trump in the middle of your move
as you're set and forgetting can tweet
something or come out with a new law and
there goes all your profits. You can be
taken out at break even or your trade
can just completely reverse against you.
And this has happened for many of my
trades throughout this whole entire
week. I can show you trades here like
Euro JPY where I was nearly at my one to
two risk-to-reward. Price came back into
my entry. NZD JPY price was nearly at my
1:2 and price came back and took me at a
stop loss. You want to make sure that
you're being conservative here. In this
example, I could have not been greedy
and looked for the extra profits and
closed here at a 1 to2, but I wanted
that extra and make it all the way to a
1 to3 and look what happened. So, with
these Trump markets, the main thing is
going to be being conservative and
sticking to the strategy. Are
opportunities going to present
themselves? Yes. Are they going to come
every day how they used to with Biden
markets? Not right now. We have to give
it some time for us to adjust and evolve
with the markets. And every single week,
I break down these markets with my
students. I'm breaking down every single
trade that I take before, during, and
after inside of my private community. I
break down where I'm exactly looking to
enter, where I'm exactly looking to get
out. I'm doing live updates on my trades
with other thousands of successful
traders that are using my strategy and
practicing it in real time. We have
traders from all around the world. We
have traders from all different ages,
different professions, capitalizing off
of these opportunities that we're
getting every single day. So, if you
want to be part of the center forget
community where students are making
anywhere from a,000 to $1,500 a week
using the center forget strategy, make
sure to click the link in the
description below. I have a video for
you there that explains to you what our
community is about to see if it even
makes sense for you. Because truthfully,
it took us a period to adjust now to
these Trump markets. But I will tell you
this, this is only the beginning of it.
We have a very long term ahead of us and
the opportunities are going to be
endless for us to capitalize off of it.
I hope to see you inside of the
community soon. Make sure to hit that
like and subscribe button and I hope to
see you inside of the sell and forget
community. I'll see you guys in the next
