If you want to start intraday trading
 
Isn't it, so this video is one of the best videos
What is going to happen so far is what you will see
From an intraday perspective. Because so far
All the videos you watched intraday
All those videos must be like this where
You are told the strategy and this
Use the indicator, use that indicator
And you also know that all those things
How is your result in using it? because
If you had actually come then you
I can't find any more videos on YouTube.
Would have been. So today I am going to tell you one such intraday
I will explain the perspective where you will get a proper
I will get clarity that if I have to do intraday
If you want to approach it realistically, then how?
Have to do it. Now this clip that is going to happen
From my live classes only.
It is going to happen because in live class
Actually, I put in a lot of effort.
and the way he delivered the class
I think it is possible to replicate it.
It will not be possible. Because the biggest thing
This is what happened in it, first I explained everything
and then the students did not understand
Is. Then I got a little angry too. Little
I scolded him in that and then after that
I have done Q&A with them and understood them.
I tried to understand the mindset of the people.
Whether he has got it or not. Then most of the
People have given wrong answers. and that wrong
I called him again on behalf of the answer
I have explained it. So you can understand how much
You will get more clarity. And trust me
Something is going to happen in this which has not happened till date
I am 110%
I'm sure no one told you that.
will be. And there's a surprise in this too.
That is, along with intraday, you can also invest in it
You will also learn scalping. Now if we
If you go to decode in the beginning
Intraday and scalping are both
Comes into trading. Scalping a little
It is more aggressive. Intraday little
It is a linearity. If I give you a simple
If I tell you in terms then you can take it like this. overall
30% in trading if you are a beginner then you
You can go with 30% ratio. if you
If you have been in the market for two or three years
You must have already understood that the boss is 30%
Not even intraday or scalping
strategies or charts etc. which would have been
Yes, it is only 1520%. Balance
80% of it is trading psychology. So your
Why is the strategy so good?
No, and learning the strategy is also very easy.
It happens. Because we only have one
Combinations are being followed. thats
It is that this has to be done at this particular time.
If this is visible then such entry plan would have to be done.
Is. It is very easy to learn. Butt Joe
The actual problem comes, it comes.
In doing Master in Psychology. because
Psychology is something that makes you a human being.
I can tell you but you learn only then.
First, either someone climbs on your head
There is someone sitting there who is closely monitoring you.
And every single one of your guides to your mistakes
doing. Secondly, you make mistakes and
Commit yourself to not repeating the same mistakes.
You promise to repeat a little bit
You do it and ultimately this process continues
remains. And That's How You Develop Your
Trading Psychology. Enough of the talk I've had
I told you everything. Actually you
What all are you going to get? If the matter is
If you follow the simple below strategy
If you go to the description, I will be there
Of the best strategies that I personally use
I will do it and I will put a link to it as well.
Apart from this, going forward you will get it on liquidity basis
You will find a class that is I am pretty
Sure you will not get it on the basis of such liquidity.
Classes are not available anywhere on YouTube.
Is. Again, to prepare all these things
To break it down into simple language
It takes some time. So that lecture to you
Most likely to see next week
will get. Till then you watch this lecture. And I
I am 110% sure that after watching this lecture
Your intraday trading and scalping
Both trading and trading have changed completely.
Will go. Let's go.
[music]
All these things may sound very simple to you.
May take place in. But these things actually
You know, will make a change. So on scalping you
Understand this way, there are two things. whenever we
Let's trade. Scalping falls
Within the day trading category. first thing is
How do I look now? I see it as day
Swing Trading. That's it for me. One
I'm done for the day. That's Day
Trading. Now in that day trading many times
There are some scalps. several times a little
Trades go long and then
Then the second thing is swing trading. My
If someone needs to teach me this, I will teach him this
I will not teach you this way. I will tell him
That you can even do inside day trading though
Those who have had time in the market 3
One year, four years, five years, he was in the same mindset.
Will stay with. Have a fixed mindset
Which is not the case, I should focus only on day trading.
Day trading is sometimes day trade, sometimes
I will scalp, sometimes I will do it intraday
But that's not right either, because I myself
I know what I'm doing
mistakes happen do errors happen and
What problems do you have to face?
We will talk about that too, this is how I
Look, but I would suggest you try day trading.
If we break it, it would have come first
is scalping and then comes in
Intraday you can choose either of these two.
Choose the thing. Ok? If you actually
I want to increase my success rate in this phase.
Don't stay in me. Of course I do a lot of
Things, Lots of Experiments Also
Sometime's go. And now I'm in that fuzz
that sometimes I hold it also and
Sometimes I Just Do Quick Scalps. Off
The course is preset so that it
Is it a scalp or is it an intraday trade?
Because the quantities are accordingly
Are. If whenever we were scalping
we know right away we're in
I have to go to the market. Make money, lose
Whatever happens, it has to come out immediately.
Don't hold too much. So, quantity
It is more. scalping in intraday
The quantity is less as compared to. Oho
Ask it. I am so sorry. Here you
The second screen appears. one second this
The window has changed. Sorry sorry my bad.
There are two things. Number one is your planning.
analysis
And number two, how do you execute the trade?
You are living in which process comes. Ok? So
Planning analysis comes in one category. When
Till then you have taken a trade inside the market
It does not happen. You plan in advance,
You read the chart, you make your plan. Now!
We will try making a little bit. and then her
Later there is execution with process.
Ok? I hope everyone understood this much.
Well. It's clear right? you understood
This thing. perfect. Too much clarity
Working with the Of Thought. I will tell you from him
I will explain it as it is so that there is clarity of thought.
are. Ok? I know what I'm doing
That thing is not very good.
But now again I'll talk a little about swing trading.
I have become more inclined towards this. Because
Now I have a time constraint. But
If everything is left to me, if things
If I have to do it then of course I will do any of the two.
I will carry only one thing with me. I both de
Trading is not as it seems
I will do it. Or just scalping
I will do it or else I will do it only intraday
Yes. This khichdi is not to be made. Ok? Now!
I get a little bit of porridge because
Again now it's time, now I have got time
Of an hour. I have a meeting somewhere after that.
This happens, let's do the scalp also.
I don't have time now. I hope you
You must be understanding my situation, right?
Trade according to my life conditions
Planning things is a different thing
And for you it is a different thing. You You
Understood this point not very well because
This will change everything for you. Now you are like this
Some people do this in their job, friend.
Okay, I am working in my job. I'll go
I work first for 10 minutes.
Let's just do scalping. Intraday
I don't have time to do scalping.
Lee and took the trade. Loss happened and then
The whole day gets ruined. Whose has it happened
Together like this? Something has happened with Sachin.
These colleges. I know that's true for me too
It's my turn. Now again because practice
If it's too much, then a little less.
It happens but it is not like that it does not happen.
It happens.
ok then
I understood two things. there is this a
planning slash analysis and there is
Execution with process. Ok? Now
This is your planning in full scalping
And there is analysis, scalping specifically.
are talking about. The number of people who are scalpers
Want to become, please write it down. This much
You can paste it properly by putting a sticker or something
Do it too.
30%
This is your planning.
30% is your planning. I would keep 20% of it.
And it happens to be 20% but I did not keep it.
because then you'll think or
There is no need for planning. I so
I can take you anywhere in the market. As such
Not there. A little planning was also required
Is.
When you have three or four years of time,
You can say that yes it is only 20%. As
For me it is 20%, my heart knows this thing
Rather, you should consider it to be 15 out of 20.
The remaining 85% is execution and planning.
But 70% is for you. Ok?
In 30% planning, you apply all your EMA
took it, saw the support resistance, then
Seen retracement, breakout, breakdown,
Market structure has seen it all. Balance
Your risk comes in 70% of
Management, position sizing which
We call quantity calculation.
Do that and at the same time, how good you are
You are following entries and exits from.
Which means that if you once
Took a trade, placed a stop loss, then you lost
Accept a stop loss from and
Close the trade by booking a loss.
Now this is such an important statement.
Because many times in scalping you have to place a stop
There is no time even to apply for a loss.
So if there is a loss then again it is yours
The process is with you. You have your
The position has to be closed. even if a little
But you have to close at a huge loss.
That's scalping.
Ok? Now if we talk about planning
So understand it like this. I'll just tell you that
What works best here?
Are into scalping. Ok? Scalping
What is the nature of? Wherever there is market, there we are.
If the market is falling, we
Will take a short trade. The market is rising
So what do we say? Long trade
Will take. Which is called Totally Market
We have to follow.
Ok? What do you think now? follow you
How can you do it? Follow this in
You will get big rewards. Follow Up Kiss
Can you do it this way? what are the good
Are there ways? First you follow on the basis of EMA
You can do it. EMA does a great job.
Is. You can use 921. The method is the same.
EMA ko lag ke. What is EMA? Dynamic
Support is resistance and nothing else. So
The support resistance of EMA is the same
You can use it as a resistance and as a support
You can do it. If it is positive then support today
Will use it. If it is negative then age a
Will use resistance. It's that simple.
give after that
Not the market structure. I will say you
Can use 5 minutes
and 1 minute combination. In 5 minutes we
What do you see? Support and Resistance
And then 1 minute only entry with the
Help of candle stick. Ok? So Ema V
Can use we can use 5 minutes and 1 minute.
And besides
Fip Wipe doesn't work very well 1
per minute. Ok?
Also there's this other thing where
You open multiple time frames. Correct
Is? Let's say you have 30 minutes also. You
I have 15 minutes also. you have 5 minutes also
And you have 1 minute also.
Now what I am going to tell you is that the one who lit the candle
Stick's homework should all be done by now.
He will understand. not the rest of the people
Will come. Whenever there is a large time frame
Neither a big time frame nor a big link
The candle is made. Suppose such dominance
The candle is made.
Ok? Now the next candle has to be made.
The next candle changed here. Change
After it happens, it pulls back a little.
And after the pullback, she would do the continuation.
Is. So what do we do? That Higher Time
The pullback that is coming on the frame
Pullback Pay We Try to Plan Our
Trades. How? I'll give you a little bit of it
Let me show you the demonstration. from lats
We chose a 30-minute candle. One.
From here you will understand Pulb.
The strong dominance candle is red in color.
Ok? Where has the candle switch occurred? candle
It is open here. and after opening
In It Went Up. What now? This is the 30
There is a minute candle,
Made the block. This
Do it in 5 minutes. Even in 5 minutes
There is nothing special. Pending Liquidity Here
But it was. If I had to make a trade plan
So I would plan my trade here.
Meaning, if the price here fills this then
I would have a plan for a short
Trade. Ok? So what are you basically doing?
Am I? I buy candles of larger time frames
Stick is its reference taking its pullback
I enter and target that if
If the price continues from here then it will
If you don't be good then it's final acceptance.
The Stop Loss. Ok? So higher time frame
That the candlestick is now completely in it
The entry is not filled in perfectly.
However, a pullback is visible in 30 minutes.
As. But if I have to
I actually if I had to plan then I would have done 5
In a minute, this pending thing here.
There is liquidity, I can plan here.
By taking reference of 30 minute candle or
Then if it is not cleared within 5 minutes
So we can do whatever is closest in 1 minute.
Resistance is building up, as in this situation.
Now, the closest resistance is here, you see, this is becoming
Used to be
the one below before that was this
This was also there. But since here, a big move.
If not, there's a good bit of fall from here.
Is. So here's your entry plan.
Could have been short.
Ok? I will explain again
Am. You would have understood this only if you
You must have done your homework on candle sticks.
candlestick homework for those who haven't
They will not understand what has been done.
Because I don't know the theory behind it.
This is the theory of open close. Open Close Key
The theory is that I remembered you candle
Stick gave me a homework that you just
Sit down and watch the candlesticks for an hour or two today.
Is. Place a 5-minute candle stick and sit down.
See when she changes. whoever that
must have done homework, he noticed this
It would happen that if suppose such a dominance candle
It takes 5 minutes. after that the next
When the candle changes, after the change
He comes down a little bit and then continues.
He does it from there if he has to go up.
So and if coming down and if continue
If he doesn't want to do it then he will come straight down.
The whole thing goes down. In this case
What will happen? Our stop loss will be triggered.
It decreases. This does not happen every time. If
We will calculate that strategy.
Wise, this happens less often.
So if I make a plan like this, this is
Just a plan of chain that a let's say mine
This is a 30 minute candle. this is because this
I use it in options a lot.
So for example, let's take my 30 minutes.
There is a candle of. Now this 30 minute candle
I made the shift in 1 minute. Now my
Who knows when the next candle will change?
It has happened. Listen carefully. let me let me
Let me enlarge it a little. This is a
A 30-minute candle has been formed. becoming a candle
After this the next candle changed.
Now I have done my candlestick homework.
I know that one of those liquidity fillers
Comes. Because if the fill is not blunt then
It will be candled. Ok? Where is that Phil?
It is not known whether he will do it. If it is known
It will be fun if you go. Just enter there
I will take it. I will get a good entry.
And after getting entry, the first target is this
that I can plan up to that level
Am. Did not reach the level and continued
If you go then it is even better. Then it is completely
A big candle will be formed. Then you will get it right.
How far can he go? For him I
What can I do? corresponding 30 minute candle
I will go and see it in 1 minute and wherever
There must be some decent support visible on that too.
I can use it. Same thing if my
Do you have a premium trading view or
There is also such a thing as order flow, if there is an order
I am also the point of control on the basis of flow.
I can plan my entry on this.
Ok?
So right now, for example, we are completely current
I am looking at the same trade. the current one
It is better to burn candles for 30 minutes to 30 minutes only.
remains. Not more than that, sometimes 15 minutes
You can also do it. But 30 minutes is a little
It's all fine.
Ok? The Same Thing Can Be Done in 15
Minutes also. If you don't see 15
Cleared in a minute, then shifted in 30 minutes
I will be done. Ok? So for example
This one is a candle from Letts. Now it came into
So it's a good resistance, so it's very good.
It hasn't reached there completely. This one
There is a candle. I know how to become so candlelit
The dominance candle is over. Correct. Now we
Will come on the green one also. and after that
Now this candle right here as soon as it's up
has fallen below and is closed here and
The next candle after closing here
It has opened here. Now I have this
I have complete confidence that this will not happen from here.
It is a selling candle. price going down
I want it from here because I want it from all over the world
It doesn't matter what the price action is.
Is it being made? What is the market structure becoming?
Is? Because I don't want to hold on.
I want 1: I got two, I got three.
my bat
That Is the Mindset in Scalping Quickly
Get in and get out. Ok? So now my
All you have to do is look into this candle to see
Is. I know the price because I
I have done my homework. I have seen most of the
Time price is to fill liquidity
goes. Now to fill price liquidity
If he goes, how far will he go? This same candle
I have just drawn a draw for you.
There is also a need to draw butts for the mark.
It doesn't matter. Shifted to 1 minute and
Did you see what was here? This was the last 30 minutes here.
And this is a 30 minute resistance.
There is a resistance here and there is a resistance here.
Better if honestly if in live market
If it were, I would have planned it here because 5
It would be better if it was a minute blend candle.
There was an entry but it was not filled. So
Let's assume that I did not get entry.
This is good resistance for 1 minute.
Was. This is also resistance. But from here
So two or three candles are falling. some special way
It is not there. So here is my entry plan.
We could have done it. so it could have been something
Like this.
Ok. Okay, one more thing, what am I doing here?
I do, do you know?
I have to shorten it. to shorten
No, I am not here to weigh a candlestick.
I do. Price reached resistance
Price short. and whatever his previous
Swing will swing because watch for 1 minute
We are here. Whatever his previous
The stop loss will swing there. So if
Technically, if I were to take a trade here
It would have happened if I had just tapped it directly here
If I could short I would just give you
I am telling you for reference, so my stop
There would have been a loss here and I would have taken my target.
Moving around 1:2, he reached three.
From but lets in the same candle
222 This is what I expect from Price
Okay, now let's look at another example.
Now PGCUS.com
At the moment, everything is going well for me in options.
This is it. Let's put it on this thing. Oh wow
BTC fell down. wa nice that group
I saw that my notification has come.
When I sent it, it was Bitcoin 18500
Or something like that.
Did anyone see Shahrukh in my hand? Good
Earlier Sahil used to do va good Sahil.
It's good then you haven't seen Love with a Soul.
saw
I sent it to the group: Hey, this is it.
In a personal mentorship group, I
I sent Bitcoin for short that I
I am short now and I send it to you whenever I want.
No, like in some such groups for a minute or two
I am pausing for Lovepreet and the rest
We will also have class the day after tomorrow
I will do it on Sunday, if it was not possible then
Whenever I send some plan, now my
Who knows if Bitcoin is short then now either
You took a short trade my way
Copied the first thing so this is it okay?
No, I copied it, no problem. you feel
I am doubting whether it is happening or not.
Copy it. There is no issue. Your plan
Take it with you. But secondly, if in any crypto
If you are taking aggressive long then that
Don't take it with you. I hope Lovepreet and others
People are not following anyone's aggressive stance.
He is currently in some trade. Atom wala apna
Said Atom is up. Atom Swing Trade
Is. There is no problem with Atom.
The item has even gone up by 22%. Isn't it? Atom
That's it. Ok. Ok. Cool cool. And
Atom Profit I booked some profit
Book 50% off at Will. I will look at my
Where is the trade going? will come in a second
This one with the child below.
Hopefully around ₹13,000.
Let's see the rest. Anyway, now we are doing the same thing.
Let's try practicing a little here. And
If you have done this homework then it is fine. if not
If you have done your homework then first you should go and do a
Week just looking at candlesticks. a week
I will not say anything. It is too much. two to three days
Just sit and watch the candlesticks for 5 minutes.
Ok? So let's see for example
Same thing has happened here also. Now it's like 30
It is a minute candle. Ok? Now we divide this by 30
The minute candle will mark
And this is realistically hum you know we will see
30 minute candle mark. Let's go 1
per minute.
This is for 30 minutes. There is no resistance here
No, friend.
There is no resistance here right now.
But I will say if I have to plan.
So, here is the fair value gap.
This is looking like
and EMA at the same fair value gap
There is also a retest. So here I am with my short
I can make a trade plan.
Ok? This is resistance for now.
It is not visible because the fall came directly and
The market has closed right there. So
There is no resistance visible. These
The resistance is of two or four candles. It's any
There is no benefit. I hope you understood. So
Now it would be better if I wait a little.
I can't take up scalping immediately. I I
Will wait. Did you understand the logic?
Got it. You are just now realizing yourself
That's because there's no sense being made here.
Although going down, brother will let it go.
There is no problem. but you also know that
There is no logic here at the moment.
Of the trade. Is it becoming correct? It is not working.
It is not working, right? Come here to retest
If you go, you can become your best
Around ₹1,18,000. then I can take a short
I am. Ok. Well, there's one more thing. One
And cheese, another great thing. Idhar pe Faveli Gap
Didn't I tell you yet? Let me tell you
Faiveley Gap too. I probably didn't tell you. Take
There is no issue in Gaya. One more thing here, if
You remember we don't have any swing
Is. Take the trade here and set your stop loss here.
There is no sense in trading it.
So now I know when I have a stop upstairs
There is no room for loss planning, so I
Nor will I wait for confirmation. That means here
If I give a dominance candle then I trade
I will take it. Ok? Because I have no swing
Not there. Now if someone would be so stupid
will take such a trade. Look, I mean, take such a refusal.
I can't take it, that's okay too
But then if you are taking scalp then
Then it will place a stop loss if and when that stop
In return for the loss, our target will be achieved.
If we look at it in terms of 1:2, then it will come
This is almost too much, isn't it?
Isn't this too much, this much
so big in the scalp so much
If we don't do that much then such situations
If we come there and I have dominance
If you get some entry on the candle then
I'll take the trade or else shoot no one
Then we will wait for something nice. Ok? So
This is one thing. So this one is EMA,
Support became resistance and the second one is this
We are using Gaya candlesticks
People. So this thing works quite well.
Scalping Pay. Now one thing from here you can
I'm saying it again in my head. First
I also told you that in scalping your
70% is execution. Ok? And
In scalping, if you have anything below 1:2
You get it, just like you get 1:1 for 1:2.
Went. Now you're afraid the reverse will happen.
This will go. Book half and break even half
Bring it. Book 50% off. 50% breakeven
Come. If you are feeling scared, feel the reverse.
The trade will be done. Otherwise, take 1:2.
Is. Otherwise, money will not be made. In overall loss
We will leave soon. This is for sure.
Ok? So that's why 1:2 we have to mean
We definitely need 1:2. It is in the mind
Just keep it. And the rest is in scalping.
Don't mess up with the quantity.
You are scalping. good profit
It is coming out. It's very good. As long as the Capitol
Yours does not become double.
As long as you don't mess up the quantity.
When the capital doubles completely, then you
You can increase the quantity a little.
The quantity does not have to be doubled directly.
Simply double the capital and double the quantity.
I will not suggest because I don't
Believe in that thing.
Yes. Capital double so quantity suppose first
If you were buying 10 lots, you will buy them now.
15 lots. Know up to 50% off our quantity
Can increase. Ok? Till the capital double
No, suppose you started with LETS and earned 1 lakh.
and after 1 lakh you did it
₹150000
150000 Now you think, oh no, no, my
So the capital has increased significantly, the quantity has increased.
I take it, there is no need to do it with 10 lots.
If you are going then do it with only 10 lots
okay this is a scalping now if we come
Two intraday parts
How to do good intraday planning
Can it? I and I, the last time we
I tried it in the last class. Correct 15
I saw it for a minute, I saw it for 5 minutes. primarily
I had used EMA. And if you
Remember Things Exactly Went Like
EMA. Isn't it? As planned, this was his
One primary move is ours.
Resistance is on the short selling side
Will remain. There are no plans to buy. Until
Price ₹ 4700
Pe aake humko koi strong by entry nahi
Gives. Because 27 of the option chain is 24700
It was also level. Put Buying Put Side Put
They were kept short and apart from that there was a
It also looked like a support zone.
Correct. Apart from that, the best zone is 24,500
Was. Ok? So, this was the plan. Balance
The plan was primary that we would be short remember
No last time class, everyone has intraday
I saw the swing of 4 hours
Market Structure After Intraday Pay
What was the plan and today the market went like
That I did not wake up, I woke up at 1:30
I am at 10 o'clock so I could not trade.
But if I had gotten up as I was
I would have moved in the same way because the market had gone down.
Similarly, the market opened first at 24000 I think
700 and the market went straight from there.
Gave reversal and then he went straight and drove for 15 minutes
Whatever EMA is there, it would have shown it.
I am looking at the 15 minute EMA and then from there
Straight up he down down down down down down
Down. So Let's See
It takes 15 minutes straight. This is 15 minutes.
And here is the market today.
This did not happen yesterday. In yesterday's recording
Is. So the plan was 24,700.
I had this zone drawn by me.
Correct
This was the zone yesterday.
We
Then the market from here went now morning's
The starting is not so aggressive.
Well, anyway, a good move came from here.
And after 15 minutes, sell sale from here
Sale sale sale sale sale is all short. Ok?
So intraday you no planning which intraday
is the psychology of
They understand the process a little. Intraday
But you should just accept it like this.
is 50
And this is actually 50. As
In scalping, I told you that
The reality is that 80% of it is planning.
Is. There is 20% analysis or there is 15% analysis.
It contains 50% analysis. analysis work
Is. 50% is your execution. same process
And end everything. Because you can do it three times a day
You have a rule for trading.
Our rule is that we do it once a day
Above three trades, three to one maximum
The number is done. Otherwise we will trade one or two
Will take it in intraday.
Ok? End
Our analysis is it is 50%. Now
What to do in analysis?
How did we plan yesterday? He is in front of you
So there is live proof. you have understood
Is. But apart from that you have to check for
Global Markets.
Ok? What are you doing now in the global markets?
Can you see? Rest in Global Markets
And the markets of other countries, once
Take a look at it. Create your own watch list
Take. However, it is visible in the money. Ok?
You can also track SMP 500.
There's too much negative that there's positive
You can also take him along for a while. last day
How did he behave? something other than giving
If there is such a global very important news then
It is not that your work will be affected because of the news.
Lets do it. So it's basically not 50% analysis
By this I mean that you have your chart
You got it read, it is there. other than that
You need to work on multiple confirmations.
Ok? that if you agree then leave from here
Trade of is visible. Today for example
I bought futures on Nifi.
I have. Ok? Still on hold. if tomorrow
If the market opens gap up then it is fine
There will be profit. But let's say if I
Calculate Nifty
There is no such negative news in Nifty at the moment
Not there. Ok? A Change of Character
Yes, it has happened. But why should I enter?
Have I been? Let me tell you the reason.
Although I had told you at that time also. If You
C Here the price has closed below.
The price here has been closed.
This one is showing this candle and this candle
That the character of the market will change
are done. Butt and there's one more thing down there
There is pending liquidity. It is also here and
There is one here as well. It is visible in money.
That's why she is not seen in X and Doubt.
So most probably we will fill that liquidity
You can come to do it. But I have seen it in the past
That in such a situation the market has neither pending
It has gone up after filling its liquidity.
And the price I see right now is
No, it's too much, a little sharp
It is visible. Meaning, the corrections are good.
Corrections have come. like here on the beach
I've been here for 1 2 3 almost two or three days
There is no pullback. So if from here
When Pullbak came, I felt quite moved.
Can be seen. And again my
If the target comes from here, I will quickly
I will not leave. My target is the same 25000
26 means it is near the resistance.
I will think of booking it somewhere.
And as soon as it starts making profits, then either
If I make a good profit, I will withdraw 50%.
Otherwise I will put it on break even. This is
My plan. Because again, the market has
All in all, Bitcoin hit a high, global
Market set high, US market all time
I applied high. Any highway of Indian market
Nothing has been applied. And right now there is no such
There is no aggressive news either. So
Liquidity Ke Basis May Be You No Hunt
The price may go up from here.
Although the reverse should have happened today itself and
There was also an attempt to bring about a reversal.
Idhar pe if you will see it here
here
But no proper move has come. Ok?
So what will happen just in case? Accept Stop
Loss. Ok? No problem. But if it comes
So
A profit of Rs 56 lakh can easily be made.
Otherwise what will happen? I will lose another lakh.
That's fine. So this is the plan.
If now because I have a lot of such past
All the experiences have happened. But if you
Ask me what you've learned. You've learned it.
If there is pending liquidity then avoid it
Is. So from your direct point of view
It is made simple. Market Structure Here
Pay has gone. No trading here now
It is made. Till when? As long as it is pending
Liquidity is not filled. or if
If the reverse has to happen then it should happen and then you will have to go up.
Go somewhere else and see some other price action.
Seem to be developing.
Otherwise, even if it goes up, there will be resistance.
If found near the Resistance, we will
Plan for a Short Itself Because
The market structure itself has broken.
This is very practical from your perspective.
It's a thing. Some of my past experiences
Because of that I am into the trade.
This is a very risky trade. Most
Probably my stop loss will come in this also.
But I am ready to take it. because if
Well, it came, I got a little push, then
You will get a big reward. Ok? Ok?
I hope you understand so that you don't make errors.
do it. This way you can get things right as much as possible
Please Keep. If I lose so much, someone will lose so much.
Not there. I am ready to accept the loss.
So this is a thing. I hope you got it. Now
A This was intraday. Now if intraday
If we talk about psychology, then you can believe such things.
Let's say that to you because we do
are in. One day I became profitable, don't
Be happy. One day I came to Los Don't Be
Sad. Continue profit for two to three days
Profit is being made. Don't be happy. two-ti
Day after day, loss is continuing. don't be
Sad.
How do you judge yourself? If intraday
If you are trading then you should consider yourself as a week
I judge how my past week was.
Was?
Past Week After Next Week After
Next week, then the next week.
Ok? And if you have patience
So don't judge yourself before the month with I will
Do it because whatever trading I have done so far
I've had a career where this has happened for three weeks.
Huge money loss in the last week
Covering the entire month in huge profits
Close or first continue losses account
Are. After that, the winning streak came in the last
Went. The trade I am taking, the target hit
I am taking the trade, target hit which I am taking
If I am targeted then this also happens then you can
Do it like this when you're scalping
If you can be patient, it's fine and
Without being sad about loss or profit
I was also happy because happiness lies in profit.
So it happens and there is sadness in the loss.
It happens. Keeping aside sorrow and happiness
If you are scalping then before the week
Don't judge yourself and keep doing intraday
If yes, don't judge yourself before the month end.
do it.
This is your thing. Ok? now another another
Continuing this point, it is
Comes from an intraday perspective
Because you saw at the end of the month that you
If you make an overall profit or loss, you
Today's specific day is not your concern
Should be done. Ok? Because you are retail
You are in business. Well, one thing for me
Tell. Has anyone ever run a shop here?
It is and intraday will explain it to you more clearly.
Of. Has anyone ever sat in a shop?
Daksh drove it, okay, okay, so now I
Tell me, when you guys sit in the shop, what
Every day you get a customer, sometimes it happens
It might have happened someday, who knows, customer
No customer has come, no customer has come
Well, the day your customer doesn't come
In the viewpoint, it is like, friend, today the customer
did not come
What can I say, today I have no one.
If you don't work hard then it doesn't matter, it's a loss.
It didn't happen because I've been there too.
Well, in this fuzz, I had a while back.
My school was just fuzz in school so school
Because I get free at 4:00.
I would not have been released from school
Many people don't know I gifted
I had also opened the shop, this was my one hope
I was renting a car to be in school by 4:00.
I would stay and then open a gift shop.
If they are small, they will sit in the gift shop and
What do you say there? also trade
We will take the monitor and together
If you do some gifting then a little bit
More money will be saved. Try that too
I have finished. Ok? So I had a gift
I also have a gift shop there. some of my
There are photos, it is visible behind that photo
The frames are kept. holding teddy bears
Are. I have that. So it is obvious that every
Things don't happen in a day. Correct?
Now you understand the point. If on the day you
The customer did not come
You think you haven't lost anything
But that is your loss. but because
Money does not go out of hand immediately.
Or you need that redray color loss PNL
It is not visible. just because you
You cannot relate to it. Otherwise today
The customer did not come. Your one day one day waste
Done.
You didn't make any money. The electricity went off.
You will pay that electricity bill.
If the shop is on rent then that rent
It turned out to be average. Suppose ₹3000 ₹000 then some
It doesn't happen. Meaning, let's say ₹00 per day.
If the shop rent is for the month
So how much is it per day? ₹1000 that ₹1000
You suffered a loss. If you hired a helper,
It has happened that his salary has to be lost. In average
You will calculate the loss you have suffered. So
Technically, if a customer comes to your shop
If it doesn't come and nothing is sold, you suffer a loss.
It's a red PNL for you.
Did you understand?
Make sense. This is a business perspective.
Yes. Similarly, when you trade intraday
If you were living here one day you
It went wrong, you took a couple of trades and stopped
If you incur a loss, then someone will come to your shop today.
And you must pay the salary to the employee.
So you have the cost of operating a business.
The cost of operating a business went into it.
That's it.
Ok? I told you this because
When you don't have any customers in your shop for a day
Don't you close the shop? You
You say it's okay, we will open it again tomorrow.
No customer came for two days continuously.
You don't close the shop for three days.
You sit and wait.
Ok? Same thing here. Beans
The perspective is here. So it doesn't matter for a day
It would have happened. I will say goodbye during the brainstorming session. Well if you
There are 256 trading days in a year.
Are.
These are your trading days. Your age is
Traders, if we look at the intraday perspective
Let's talk.
Making profits is not work.
Your job is to execute good trades
to do. Do you see your chart?
On the basis of the process? you have to
Execute. Bus
Stop loss is being placed. Accepted Trade Chal
Has been. Waiting until the target. it is a
Part of process.
The way to tell this number is this
That you will get 256 days if you trade intraday.
You have been sitting on your system for 256 days.
Is. You have to execute. Occasional trades
It does not happen. There is no trade. We
I don't understand. Not trading
Are. No problem. but 250 days 256 days
You need comfort to survive in the market
From. Ok? How much can we trade in a day?
Are you in intraday? Make three trades
would have been.
So if we multiply this into 256 by 250
If we do it from then it means it becomes 750
Trades done.
Now your goal is 750 trades. So you are a
A huge loss in trading at any cost
Can't accept it. Because your goal
it is. It's exactly what your goal is.
Making the body. If you want good muscles, then you
Can't eat useless things. even though he
You feel like hey, I found a little cheat
But it will affect you.
It's like that's your goal now.
Executing 750 good trades in a year.
So it is obvious that we divide it
We will do it like this. First 50 trades then 100
200 500 will buffage by doing this. or 50
50 good trades 50 good trades his average is 50
Good trades, his average is 50 good trades. i.e
that you can get it at any cost the next day or that day
Attached to a day or one or two or three trades
No, it is not. This is your whole game plan.
Goal as a Trader.
Not that you took a trade and invested money today
And that money doubled and quadrupled. that
Isn't your goal as a trader? Your Goal Is
To do this. Money is a by-product. If your
If there is a process then there is a by-product. Money
will form. and before intraday
Putting your money is a couple of things.
We had understood this earlier also. First, backtest
It happens. We look at the past charts
How many times have I done that thing? Then
After that there is a forward test. then his
Later we use it like paper money. Meaning
Which is paper trading. Butt Paper
Trading is not done like this either. Now
Like for example, people do paper trading
How to do it?
This is also an intraday process.
One Hour
5 minutes
Dominance candle made by
Bye.
Oh, I got rejected. Why?
This used to happen. No problem.
Has this started?
This is an old trade.
Bought 1000 bitcoins.
$5000 profit running guys.
Guys lost $000.
A profit of $6,000 was made. Never in real
Can I buy 1000 bitcoins immediately?
Tell me like this in intraday.
Meaning God will create it further. Obviously a thing
If the money increases then 1000 bitcoins is not a big deal.
It is not a thing. But not intraday swing
I will say bye. If I ever do it, I will do 1000
Bitcoin so bye.
$1 million became Guys.
Now I will close it right now. So that's it
I can think of it like, yeah, $51,000 book.
It's done for me. Wow I made money trading. I
I am a good trader.
It's a bull [ __ ]. It doesn't make any sense.
What will the real way be? What will the real way be?
Real they will be that
Let's assume I have an account of $100.
Ok? And I have a stop loss of $2 on $100.
It works.
I saw this quantity, how much is the stop?
Loss is being made
Of $255. Ok? So if I give two your
I divide the loss into two
From 252.
The quantity came out to be 0.07.
Now I will go here and say bye.
Put by I will put quantity
0.07
Bye
Here is the stop loss I set below it.
I set my stop loss to $1, how sorry 0.07
tha sorry 0 so that had $2 i hope got it but
It was 0.007
But you got the point
Now if it were 0.007. Let's do it too
Are. Let's make it 0.007. Because that is
What can I do with a capital of $100?
Used to be. Now it's $.007 here's my stop
Loss. Now It's $2
And this is going to be my target which
Is going to be I think $5.6 something. Just
For just that example.
Now this is what trading is. Now this paper
There was no trading. Now this is not a paper
Trading. Any more.
It's real trading. Because I have $100
Only they are. If I were trading with $, then that
The trade would have gone like this.
But the only fact is that because right now I am in
A testing phase. And because I have money
Limited. That $ I can't lose. So I came
I'm not risking that amount right now. Let me
C How many dollars can I make from this $ right now?
I have been. Am I able to make $10 out of it?
Am I able to make $20 if if yes that means
Whatever my strategy analysis is, that work
doing. Now I will put my real money.
This is what trading is. Now this paper
There is no trading right now. because the
There is loss in this, the same loss if I am real
If I had traded, the same amount would have been there in real terms also.
This is the method you have to pursue before
Putting Your Real Money in Day Trading. This
Before the method, you have to do the real pursuit.
To do this in the Indian market you
You can use Sensible.
Neeraj in Europe in Europe
Neeraj You Text App. Ok.
I was a student from Europe, so I forgot my name.
The Ver Two Students Ask Him Is It Okay
Text in app
And if you don't get a reply once, then two or three.
Bar Tax Text OK Front Page
Vivek is saying front page is application
See Vivek Vivek Is There From in Europe
Europe Only Itself Front Page Okay Neeraj
Front Page
Your mind has opened up, isn't it? It's great, happy this way.
Now let's see how to apply stop loss in this.
Is. $2 will go away even though it is in my account.
What do you say, there are $3 lakhs lying around.
How does it matter? It is not real at all
Will come out.
But when I plan such trades then
Neither do you know what will happen to him? I am on this
I will also make a video. good good to me
The ride has arrived. I will just write it. These
Beginners are important. All this for everyone
This is important. So what for me now?
Do you know what will matter? will do it for me
I will go into matter history. This one here
100 of $1 $2 that history will matter. They
She will tell me how deep in trouble I am.
You got it? This is how it is.
So before putting your real money this way
You have to plan and execute.
Ok.
Now
So let's
So this this was a this intraday part hey
In fact, you are also pursuing scalping.
If yes, then in scalping also first you have to
Do it. Now a question arises whether
You can do scalping in crypto
Someone just asked one of you just now
Scalping in Crypto I Will Not
Recommended Delta Exchange is not currently available
will charge a lot of fees will charge a lot of fees
If he does, then just focus on I will.
that you na thank you Yash you are in crypto right now
Don't do scalping, do intraday trading
Better yet, why am I not trading myself?
Tell me Himanshu, I am scalping
Why am I not doing it myself, Delta?
Exchange Pay
Or I am swinging on Binance also.
I am not doing it. Scalping in that too
It's Only Swing
You can do it on XNS. If it is working then it is fine.
You can do it. You can do it. Scalping
I have no issue. You Can Do It in XNS
It. No problem. Ok? But in the bank
Don't take money from XNS.
Do not trade. Do not take it to the bank.
All right.
Ok. So this was scalping and this was
Intraday. I hope you have the mindset and approach
I understand how you have to approach it.
Them. This approach will take you forward. it
Keep this in mind.
Now Shahrukh, you still haven't understood. In options
We have to plan like this also.
But the only difference is that in options we
Primarily scalping. we don't
Hold for intraday. Intra lot
Hold for even in extreme cases
Intraday. Mostly we do scalping
Are. The same as three on the basis of candles
I told you the methods. Here is the Nifty chart
opens and here the options chart opens
It happens. Ok? A Today Is What? 29
one second
2 3 4
I'll be back in August after that.
I will do this for a day or two.
Live ok, if we go live then it should be clear
Will go well and not MCX Gold
I don't know about gold lots
How expensive are brokerage charges?
How much does Vishal cost in Gold?
don't do it
Don't do it scalping in MCX
MCX is not for scalping
MCX is there in this affair, one of my
The student was not in class but very
Earlier when I had very few followers I think
If there were 10-15000 then there was one person who
was asking me for got his name also
Now, he used to trade in natural gas.
And in the process of scalping he lost all
He has caused a loss of Rs 6065 lakh through scalping.
because he
I was scalping in natural gas.
Panchap 5 for 10 paise 5 for ₹1 ₹1
Not at all recommended
Ok
How to Deposit Money in XNS
XNS's So Simple There Is A UPI Thing
Apart from that you can also buy Pee to Pee from Binance
Transfer it, look, one is trading.
It is already a hectic job and on top of that
We deposit withdrawal in hectic work
Why should we even bother about it? I
Why don't I tell you what you say?
To let it go? Have to go to Dubai-Ubai
Do it, there is no issue. Forex in India
There is no future.
The government will not let you do it.
Why work on such a thing, hardworking sir?
Expenditure which is not scalable.
think about it and see
How many options are there in it? You
You can transfer from Binance. You
Went to Binance. You have P2 in Binance
What does it say in P? Bought USDT and
USDT is then transferred
What do they say there? These
in XS and withdrew from there that
You can do it outside India in Kenya
There is no problem. Pankaj you can do it there
yes. It is proper. I mean, try it.
I get very good reviews of Funding Pip.
Not found. What did one of my students use?
Did you do it? I Think Something Was Done by Fund Squad
It wasn't like this. I'm trying something else
Am. Investors sitting with some people
I am watching. You know your own funding
To start a prop fund if possible.
If it is done then you will have to pay out again.
There will be no trouble. what was the fund funding
Its name? Student Name Funded
Was it Kartik? Yes, it was Kartik.
I think this is the latest thing I heard.
This is what happened, from whom did he get the funds?
Look at the squad, he took a payout of this much.
what was visible in the camera you should wait
Very small screen, one second
Look at this, see which squad this is.
I had taken the payout and sent me the screenshot.
That sir, I have taken this, see November 10th
November 11, which batch was this?
He is a student of 2024 batch. I hope you
Can see this.
Funding Squad. Now you can do that apart from
Whatever name you tell me around the world
I haven't used it so I won't tell you.
I can help you. You can try using it yourself.
If I get a payout now, I'll be rebuffed.
Tell them that yes sir, I used it. Me
I got its payout. Ok?
Ok. But how much should I scalp in a day?
This is a very good question. But in the day I came
How much do I make from Will? I have six
My view of the To10 scalp is that
minimum six means five to six I will
Do it and maximum if I go then I will go 10.
Well, if I have three continuous stops
If losses occur, trading is stopped for that day.
And even if there are three consecutive profits
Trading closed for the day.
Ok? This is how I do it.
Sorry
Time Frame for Scalping 5 Minutes and 1
minutes
Ignore pending liquidity at 1 minute
There is no need. Ok?
Ok. Bought it for 1K. Ok? It's cool. And
How was the process? Friend had taken it.
Friend had taken it. Ok. When you take yourself
Go ahead and do it yourself. I am telling you directly.
Whatever the financial word is, there is always a
Believe in the thing. Direct Kim
Proof: Finish the work yourself and see what you think
You will get the live experience in front of you.
You will get it, then you can proceed further.
take it ok
The main problem in Hum You Are Right Brokerage
Is person like middle we people go beyond
limit sir yes yes
You have to be within limits.
What should I explain in SBI?
In? Such upside down and straight suped ones
Don't ask questions. I will be irritated
Now. Tell me directly, Sir, I need this thing.
I am not able to understand. What should I explain?
SBI please explain. Please explain. What should I explain?
In SBI. Yes. In the Fair Value Gap
I will explain what I have explained. That is important.
That is important. It is very important.
Understand the fair value gap carefully.
I do one thing. by ending class
I am doing it again so that it gets fair value.
There should be no gap or separate classes so that you never
If you want to revise then you should know that yes friend
Here I have to separately look at the fair value gap.
Will get it. Okay, I'm doing it again.
Can we scalp in stocks? no no no
To scalp in stocks. Intraday point of
View only. Can do intraday in crypto
Are. Yes. Look, understand one thing.
Whether it is intraday
Or that could be scalping.
What is the difference? Who will tell? what is
What is the difference between intraday and scalping?
Is?
Tell one difference and one common thing.
Very nice.
And what is common? Difference is a very good answer
Gave. The only difference is the time.
Frame. And what is the common thing? Both Day
It is part of trading.
So this is what I am telling you also, so much that I
I have just narrated the entire story, from this you will understand
You should come in intraday wherever you are.
You can. in anything he wants
Be it crypto or forex pair or
Then he will be trading in any stock of the Indian stock market.
yes or else
Be a commodity. If you spend 5 minutes at any place
Or are you looking at 15 minute time frames?
Comes in the intraday category. That's just the time
There is a frame. The time frame is in your hands.
You can shift to any one. Ok?
If we had done it faster, it would have taken 1 minute.
And 5 minutes if you're looking around this
So that falls into the scalping category.
So 1 minute 5 minute scalping category 15
minute and 5 minutes or 1 hour he came
Intraday category. There is nothing else. So you
Tell me this when it is so simple
Small things intraday and scalping
Why is it so difficult?
Someone should ask me such a logical question.
No one is using their brain. All
Everyone is entangled in their own separate entanglements. Address
no why
Didn't enjoy it. I enjoyed today's class
Did not come.
Look, Daksh wants to know about Forex class
When will it happen? Do it brother. I will teach you. Forex
I will teach you too. Learn that practical
I will tell you that pap, you can calculate it yourself.
I will tell you about the session, although there is some difference.
You don't have to know everything from him.
There are important things that I
I am telling you with intensity and dedication that understanding
I am not able to learn anything, no one wants to learn it.
Anyone
that which
Well, it's fine if you understand.
Otherwise what is it to me, it is not my loss.
It will be your loss if you lose that point.
I have understood the perspective, I don't know what I understood.
No, I don't know, I did not understand the matter today.
Wait, let me ask you a question or two.
Let me ask you a couple of questions. First your
I will answer two or four questions. Then
After that I will ask some questions
From you. Intraday Dealer Can Be a Scalper
But a scalper can be an intraday trader. These
The question itself is wrong Shivam. that's not it
Have to do it.
This is what you should not do. In starting
I told that I take edge a day trading
I am leaving. Because I never scalp
I will do it. Sometimes I do intraday.
If I have time, because now I
I have had a lot of practice.
If I have time then I do intraday
I sit down and make a plan. Otherwise it seems
Let's give it 2 hours and get it scalped.
From the market.
It looks the same on social media as well.
I am also doing the same thing right now
Because I am time bound and I never
In some months I made a little less money than this. These
My month is in loss. No problem.
By God's grace, whoever is in another account
Swing trading was going on. Infact
Even today I opened a position in a stock and
He told me it was okay and he gave it to me and left.
Will go. So, going around, some of the overall average
It is done even if there is a loss in it. But
If a person is just sitting there like this
He has a shop in which his lamps have sunk.
Of the month.
Don't do the same. Or do it intraday
Or do scalping. of both
The mindsets are different.
This is what I am trying to explain. Understanding
There is no one left. Dont know why.
Every time I am in class, I feel
Confidence comes from this. of you people
Sensible questions that come to mind after seeing the replies
Isn't it a good idea to see if he has entered or not?
In the minds of these people. Today's did not enter
There is anything. I said, first read a blank poem.
Di come honestly, I do four poles
Let's see
giving you situation one okay now its
There is no need for chart word in this.
Because I don't know the difference between chart and word.
Situation One in Intraday
Blank Pole
Listen carefully, the situation is fine.
My per day risk is 5000 let's illustrate
I will do it too, you will understand it better here.
This is about intraday.
My risk capacity is ₹5,000
Trade on
I have two stop losses in place.
That means a loss of ₹10,000 has already occurred.
Already lost.
This is my third trade. Stop in two trades
Loss has been incurred. Risk on a trade of ₹5,000
Is. 10,000 has already been lost. My
This is the third trade. I see a red panel
Is. Put yourself in that situation. Correct
I saw a trade. very high
It is a probability trade. I have four
Confirmations are for trade. Four
Confirmations.
I have four confessions
For a trade.
Can I make a profit of Rs 10,000 in the last trade?
Should I make a risk plan? Because if that trade
It went away and I got 1:1 as well.
All my losses are covered and I am in profit.
I will come.
And if I get 1:2 then I come in +10,000
I will go. Should I do it?
Yes.
No
And whatever button you press, you will do it in real life.
I have to keep it. If yes then you should always do intraday
I have to say yes or no in my plan
So, you have to say no. Ok? take two minutes and
Give you answers.
And don't change the answers. I see it here
But. Don't change. tick once tick
The given work is finished. these these
Don't differentiate. Don't confuse yourself
do it. Straight clear. B. Straight forward. Yes
And no. Work is done.
Don't be so don't be in indecisiveness. Correct
Is? You have two minutes. Tech time. Everyone
Has not answered yet. Quickly everyone
Answer quickly. Thought Take But Answer
do it. 60 seconds left.
Everyone please answer. One person also answered
Switch it. Don't switch answers. yes no yes
Why are you saying no brother? Don't switch. 30
Seconds left. Everyone's answers have not come yet.
Done. I am posting. listening to you
It will be surprising that 55% people got it right.
I have given the answer. 45% people gave the wrong answer
Is. He has said
That's why I said what I said
You did not understand anything today.
Those who said no. very good. Very
Nice. And right now I have said no here. When live
It happened in real trade, no news there also
Just tell yourself. no matter how good
Why are you not seeing opportunities?
Before your eyes. Ok? who
I have said yes. You have this in the third trade
There are four confirmations. But the probability
Where has the mindset gone? Probability Mindset
So it says that it has four confirmations.
Yes, that's fine. But Probability Mindset
Tells you that this trade can flip anytime
Can. The probability term on S is its
The chances are only 50%. Dispite of I
Have four confirmations. So if it's gone
On the contrary, I am already in loss of Rs 10,000.
Now I have lost Rs 20,000 in one stroke.
I will go.
Why are you thinking that this trade will be profitable?
If it comes in then even a loss of Rs 10,000 will be covered.
I will go and I will make a profit of Rs 10,000.
I will go. Why don't you think about that
I will incur a loss of Rs 20,000. 10,000 right now
I am
And then that 20,000 will be a loss when
If I take a risk of Rs 5,000 then to cover it
How much time will it take for him to cover me and
I will do it with the mindset of doing
Then I have to take bigger risks.
Will fall. And if two or four trades are reversed then
My account will be halved.
From here, when in a trading
Losses start, so if you ever
I don't know whether he has given any thought or not.
Someone butt up on you whenever your big
Losses are the beginning of bigger losses.
First it starts with a very small loss and then there
But then the losses start compounding.
that it's called domino effect one thing another
And that's how you lose
Whole Capital
remember what I said
You did 50% analysis very well.
Because you found four confirmations
Take out in trade but this is 50% of the process
He says my risk is 5000 and
Process means process, if I take 5000 then 5000
He has to take it, why to sacrifice it then
This means the process has been sacrificed.
There is not even 50% left, the moment is over.
You went in 5 or 10 minutes and it was over.
Shifted now what will happen with this, this is your work
Covering losses or making full money on the trade
It was not there, right? What is your goal? 256
Trading does 1 day three trades mean a year
750 trades. I am saying average
Let's assume 500. Yours is M500 Trade
Have to execute it. So this much from one trade
Why attachment brother? Why? this is
There is no intraday.
I've been trying to explain this so far.
Previous. Did you understand? because same mistake i have
Been doing it for years. And no one to explain
Was not going to. And this was the reason why
Because I was a loser and I still lose money
If I sacrifice this process. I still
Lose no shame or anything.
If the rich person has lost money this month
I went if I had to raise him politely.
And if this process is applied to it then
It didn't make any sense that I was Nifty
I should go and buy future and invest ₹1.5 in it. Lakh
Should I plan for loss? It makes no sense
Was.
Got it. And
As easy as it sounds to you right now
Trust me, this is the hardest part. This only
Because till now you have lost all your losses.
You must have heard that. which is on the internet
I have heard it. I would have faced the students
I have seen it happen. I have seen it failing. Their
We will learn something from failure too.
No.
So I learned from his failures. when I talked
When I enquired, I found out. Hey, this was the region.
And I just took a poll from you.
You will face 10 such situations.
This was just a situation.
Right now a similar FOMO situation occurs.
And do you know how to avoid all this?
Is? If you paid attention to the first things
So go ahead and dash all those things.
They do. That's it. Like what you have in this
Why was this decision wrong? Brother
If you know my intraday
This is the process. My process is 700 500
I have to execute the trade. my aye
The first step is to execute 50 trades. my aye
To judge yourself at the end of your month.
So why am I so attached to it? Answer
It was simple. No, I can't take the trade
Wali. No, I will buy it only for ₹5,000.
Hey, I will take ₹5,000. If the river is to be recovered
If it happens, don't I have a risk of 1:4?
Can I get it? Can be found. It's not a big deal.
Can't get 1:5? Can be found. If
If I get an S5, I'll make one for ₹25,000
In. I need to take a big risk
Not there.
Then if you remember that a risk management
What is position sizing called?
Sorry, risk to reward lecture where
I gave it to you to calculate that one
One person is a heavy risk, one person is a low risk. End
Who wins in? You must have done that.
What was the calculation result in that? Take
The person who took the risk won in the end or
High risk? Make money with low risk
In the market. High risk one then instant
He makes money. Looks like his PNL
Being made. He enters in the end. End
Zero silence because in intraday
Nothing is there I am telling you nothing.
This is just that time frame. I'll give you right now
What do you say? These Let's Let's Go To
BTC.
This is BTC going on here right now. Right now we work
We do. I had to make an over entry.
I missed it. No problem. Butt Lets
This is going on intraday, here we are
Swing trading is done, now it comes in one hour
Four hours have passed, it's over, we've come to the swing.
Swing Trading Intraday Trading Swing
Trading intraday is that easy
So what does that mean, it's nothing.
This is just the wind, it has nothing to do with it.
is from chart word to yourself
The Main Thing Lies in Process
You understood this thing.
I haven't come yet, tell me this
Because devotees, this is your loss.
In this
And that's not what I want
You understand I don't want that to happen
Because you too, many of you, are time-framed.
I am worried about you, tell me how much I am in front of you
I'm flipping a switch, watch it swing
I reached trading and came into intraday
I went once and thought logically about how much
What a laughable thing. Look at this
Intraday has arrived. Check out swing trading
I came to pay.
This came on intraday. These swing trading
I came to pay. It is happening in front of you. How much
I am shifting soon. Intraday
Swing Intraday Swing Intraday Swing.
So what's going on? It's just a time frame.
So this means that this cannot happen, friend.
This means that what is in the chart is
It cannot be so easy intraday and
Swing. Meaning the main game is something else then the main
The Game Lies Here in Here
It's the process, the actual system with you
What should I do to follow the swing trading system?
He will say that he will learn swing trading now.
You will realize there that the more
I insisted you on scalping.
I have just explained this to you and I have taken the poll
After explaining it to him in intraday now
I'm also going to take another poll on scalping.
Okay, I'll take the scalping poll from you.
Let's get into scalping a little bit and that too
Many things will become clear
I have sent it, I have not read it, please read something.
The lent itself is Deep Question, the same one for ₹26
I can give it. Ok? forget about that
DeltaVelta, pay attention to this now. Let's
Now I will ask you from this scalping
Perspective. Ok? now you tell me
Situation for you. I made my first trade
For scalping. My stop loss
Went. The second trade was scalping. 1:3
Got a profit of Rs.
The third trade I took was scalping.
Stop loss was also applied in that. Now I
I am making a very small profit.
Should I execute the fourth trade or not?
should I?
I have had three trades in the past.
Took the first trade and one stop loss was placed.
Took the second trade and got around 1:3. Very
Not much. But I took the third trade in it.
Stop loss was hit. So overall very minor
In profit because brokerage will also go
Of three trades.
Should I take the four weight or not? Not much time
Give. 30 seconds tell me. answer vote switch
do it. Don't switch answers. I can see that
Click on Yes and no what you are doing. No Pay
Who is clicking and saying yes. I Can See
That. Don't switch answers.
10 no 8
6 5 4 three to one
50% people have given wrong answers. 50% came
Can See the Data
Almost 50% 52 Suppose given correctly. 4 8
has given it wrong.
We will trade. Why not?
Because what is scalping? what is
Scalping? Scalping Is 15 for You
30% is analysis and 70% is execution.
Until if my risk is defined and I
I am taking the same stop loss every time.
Why wouldn't I take the fourth trade? I am the day
I can take five or six trades, right?
Because I work at a risk of 0.5
I have been. intraday scalping
The forest was doing it. That means the per day limit is 3%. This
Pay 0.5 * 6 3%
But because my mind is a freckle
He is minded. I don't have that much patience
Is. I like to be involved in the market
In. It feels good when he moves.
I understand that thing well
From. So I chose scalping for myself.
For. And I have done scalping. If I know six
So why am I afraid of the fourth one?
Because scalping is only 30% analysis.
The remaining 70% is process. Now 30%
Analysis means that I have done this so much
Get the analysis done with all the pomp and show and the next minute
The market formed a candle and hit the stop loss.
Up from my hand ok sorry I'm bad. I
M Rong. Let's plan for the next one.
Took a second trade. Stop loss hit. Ok
Sorry. My bad. I am wrong. Let's Plan
For the next one. because what is the time frame
What are we using in intraday? 1
minutes.
This is what we are using
And 1 minute candles then in one to 1 minute
It changes. How much can you do in 1 minute?
You will expect from the market that whatever you have
I made an arrow exactly, it won't hit.
On target. No, you have multiple here.
There are rounds to fire. So I Matter
Doesn't do.
How many times you are able to fire is what matters.
Does.
Because aiming is a moving target
But you can make as many M as you want. So you
Have to make sure you have enough
There are rounds lying around to fire.
Now of course there are some times where
Perfect entries sit and go and
You get a sniper like entry. that you just
Enter and from there market this candle
Makes the target hit. That's fine. He will be
To you. You will get a 1:56 spread on each trade.
You will get a reward.
But this scalping is if you have a plan that
If it is for my six trades then I will take it without any fear.
Of. I will not take it in just one case. If
I had three continuous stop losses.
Yes, it is.
Or I have reached my daily loss limit.
Because the nature of scalping is
You will trade again and again and will be wrong again and again.
You will trade again and again and again and will be wrong because
This is not a four hour chart. Now
For example, if I go and trade on this
I plan to take it. Suppose this is dumb.
I'm looking at the charts and nothing.
Right now at the moment. 1 hour 54 minutes left
It has happened. 1 hour 2 hours left. These
In candle close. If this candle is like this
It gets closed immediately. Wait a minute. Trade
This one will be in profit. 17,500 at once
If you saw
Butt will hold. There is very little profit
Right now.
So if I don't see anything from this pay letters
This price is coming down. Consider this candle
Dominance candle should close like this
goes and I have my trade plan in it
I go and do
Without looking at anything, just candlesticks
On the basis of. So if the next candle meditation
To understand from. If the next candle changes and
He has to give me my stop loss. because
Obviously a red candle is being formed.
My trade will be short only. Stop Loss
It must be from here. So to place a stop loss
It will take about 4 hours. 4 hours
What will happen on butt scalping? Same thing.
The next candle closes above within 1 minute.
End. Stop loss hit.
So what will matter here? Planning
That I have to make sure that my stop loss
Don't feel it. What will matter there? to me
I know I'm bound to hurry
To eat stop loss. execution
Did you understand? Tell
Do you understand the perspective? this is what
Scalping is. This is real intraday or
There is scalping. I am telling you. so sam so
Some so called secret strategies and some so
called this thing no
So now if I'm attached to scalping
and if I feel like it or not, no
No fine, I will not leave the trade.
That's it, SL hit, work done in a second
Now I will go to the market against me in favor
I am sitting here taking that trade
No, this will go in my favor.
Scalping becomes intraday then
And then it goes away mid-day.
Let's hold it and see what happens. They
But actually why scalping?
Because from the beginning, there's no clarity.
That we were sitting down to scalping. All Clear
No? This Is What I Wanted You To
Understand. And this is intraday and
Scalping. This chart is not intraday and
Scalping. That is in the time frame. 5
Do it for a minute, scalping. It's intraday,
Do it for 1 minute, scalping is done, four hours
Do it, do it for one hour, the swing is done. No
This doesn't happen. And this is what
People Tale
If 5 minutes 1 minute scalping no thats
Not scalping.
And it is not for everyone. Right now my
Many people must have understood the point.
That friend, this is beyond my control. I so
I sit down and take the trade.
Is it or not? The same will happen with many
Is. Because you must be thinking that this is
I never thought it would be like this
I will go crazy. I don't do
I will find it like this because I feel that
I take the trade and then sit and watch.
How is the market going then should I plan?
Meaning scalping is not for you.
If you do it, you will lose 100%. It is not important.
For you, you are not made for that thing but something else
People will be like if I swing them too
I will tell you for trading, you will tell me friend
Who will wait for 4 hours for each candle?
I am making it in the meantime so I can do two or four
Should I also exit with a stop loss target?
From the market, this means you are for swing
You are not made, if you swing then you will incur loss.
will you go
You work on scalping your skills
Sharpen it.
perfect
Come on, that's it. Now I hope you understand.
Write down the remaining questions. swing
Keep high quantity in scalping.
0.5% quantity. Hey, this friend Nitin is still there
Didn't understand. The entire Rama story is over. Now!
He is unable to understand that Ravana's
He was in the navel.
Amrit look carefully if we Nitin if we
what do you say
We have 0.5 as the value.
Our capital is low, so we have low stop loss.
If the stop loss is becoming small then Baba
Will you reduce the quantity, how soon?
Think it will be a hit
The quantity is also in our hands.
Didn't you understand Nitin?
Now assume I take it normally, what would he say?
There are 10 lots. Now a stop loss is being created.
If it is too little then I will reduce the quantity.
That simple. I will work on one lot only.
And if the capital is so low that I
What happens in Nifty? There is a lot of 75.
You must buy 75 quantity minimum 75.
So, suppose a stop loss of ₹5 is also being created.
Is. If you see it in the chart then 5 * 75
How much? How much is almost there? 5 * 75
Hum free 350 yes 375 sorry so that means that much
You have to go only that much money
You will have to bear minimum loss, that's it
Intraday, this is a good question now, Bhagesh.
Now look at this in intraday, such wisdom
Ask me these questions in intraday
How to sharpen skills, its simple
The answer is this, taking trades
And that pressure is here by trading with real money
There should be a feeling. When you see the actual loss
It must be happening and you will cut your losses. That is how
And that is when you grow in intraday.
Understood? Meaning I took the trade right now. accept it
This trade is currently open and I have placed a trade for 5 minutes.
Take short trades from longs accordingly
Took. Ok? Let's put it short. Let's
put a
Understanding Let's Put One BTC Short
I have now given my stop loss here.
I have kept it set here
I've done okay
Now when the price goes up and I am without any fear
I will not change it, I will not remove it and if
Low stop loss is not placed and now I
If I see a loss, I will wake up like this and take care of myself.
I closed the POS position. I have my
Followed the process. That is how and that is
When you grow as intraday. And when this thing
will happen repetitively as you grow intraday
Will you do it?
Then only you can, that is how basically you
Can sharpen your skills of intraday.
1 lakh from him
Shubham, how many times has it been ₹1 lakh? Shubham
What the market says while doing portraits
Shubham's question is relevant in
There must be a question, I hope you answer it.
₹1 lakh capital is available for everyone
The first thing I should do in the option is to do the option
Why is it because what do you get in options?
What matters is direction and time
What to master if you will in stock
It's just the direction crypto you're doing
What do you want to master, just the direction there?
What to master? Direction and time.
If you feel that you are trying to find direction time
Both of you are now eligible to do Masters. 1.5
Nothing happens here Shubham
Because right now he is 1.5 years under training.
Nothing has happened under here that comes to mind.
I am doing as I am doing. So 1.5 is that.
Not only that, actually. 1.5 years actually
In real life, 1.5 years is when you
Absolutely daily proper process planning
I have worked with him rigorously without skipping
Do something, then that you can think that
No, yes I actually worked for one and a half years.
I am done doing it. Ok? And if so
If I have then I will say plan in options and plan
If you are trading then your stop loss should be above ₹750
You should not be in Nifty if you are doing
So on trade I am not even saying 000
am 750
And first prove yourself to be of some age.
It wasn't there, right? Yes, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter.
Shubham, not being old is a different thing but one
What happens is that when we plan a trade
We don't even know enough to know that
So much risk to take, so much reward to get
And in this way we continuously suffer losses.
We have to accept that kind of thing and we come daily.
Sometimes I sit in the market for the whole day
I am not getting any trades as per my wish.
Situation Wise Regularly Work Karna Then You Can
say ok
I Have a Capital If I Want to
Scalping 0.5% risk there is ₹150
Used to be. Yes Premium Not Fitting
So you can't do it, Somdeep, stock it then.
If ₹150 something like this doesn't fit
So stock up on stocks then you have to
Do is now in stock so also a stop loss of ₹20
You can take it comfortably so you need to work in
Stocks only okay I hope you got it
Whatever was on your mind has now become clear.
Okay, I'm buying and selling options.
I buy but I don't have confidence
Comes from I Will for Option Selling
Keshav is a good thing. Go shopping too
Don't. You are selling options. Option
Just do selling. Walk carefully. like for
Best for Example Option Selling
What is strategy? I will tell you that we
Call me too, I'm going to do that. Call
Also sold it. Sold the put also. These
So our straddle is that we have the upper range
I saw that the market doesn't seem to be above this now.
Will go range. Will not go down range. So we
We sell it in this range. Make it right today
It's your chance to make strudel. keep this up
Ho Strudel
So after making it, I also call the side.
Out of the money buy and also on the put side
Out of the money by means that the entire
By hatching a short selling position
Just walk if you haven't done it yet.
Do it and do it more if you had already done it
If you are coming then just a little na range
Look at the market because you should see this
Where the market can go sideways
Is. You may not be trending, just earn money as a seller.
You will make it.
I cannot tell you ITR and TTR. I don't
No, I don't do it myself. So I came to sing
tell you then
And swing leke one hour pe swing leke 15
Minutes or 5 minute candles.
Hey, what is this Sachin? This is no sense at all
Yes brother.
There is no sense at all. Self-control is
Not there. Then it means if I spend one hour
But I have seen it. I know that for one hour
Process Per His One Hour Swing Trading
There is a basic time frame for. other than that
I mean one hour four hours daily. 5
Why do we have to go in minutes? Intraday
I don't have to do whatever I put in the part. His
Meaning you don't have intraday. that swing
It doesn't exist. That is intraday. Work is done.
Don't overcomplicate yourself so much.
There is no need to get so entangled.
In my own thoughts
I have seen a lot of ₹30 ₹40 in scalping
Scalping is done by taking premium.
No, by taking a stop loss of ₹40, what about ₹1, ₹120
Will you keep a target of? You understand na if nif if
I am trading on NiFi for example.
Am. I will give a stop loss of ₹40. 120
I will keep the target. So that means expect from NiFi
I am saying that it should move 250 points because
At the money has a delta of 5. Make Sense
Used to be. Think about it, Nitin.
Whatever he does, I don't know how he is doing it.
Either he trades his BTST or
It will be intraday.
He is out of the money. Don't go out of the money
Pay.
If the premium price is out of the money, then it
Don't go. Out of the money is out of the money
Your probability is low anyway.
Where to start immediately
Stocks and crypto are the two best places to
start immediately
Okay, now I will tell you tomorrow AGV ji.
just out of
I'm out now
If there is Highway 10 then you can trade,
You can do scalping. But a lot
One should not plan aggressively. See there
R
The market is not very dynamic. so now now
If IV is less than lat. Now I trade
I am sitting to do it. I got some good
If I see an opportunity, I am not aggressive.
I will go that day. Bus
I will take a trade. it will take a
Trades. otherwise
How to use 1 lakh? ₹1 lakh to ₹750
Trading with a stop loss on the trade
Is. Shubham Trade at ₹750 That's it Hum
Scalping Max 510 Points Risk Pay 30
Wow
I'll show you my five or ten lights in the past.
So my relay is not coming out so good either.
Let's do one thing. The idea came to me
From him.
We don't, by the way, on July 31st I thought last
There will be class. We will be on July 31st or later.
One day I'm thinking of an idea
Tell me what an idea it is. like now
Scalping Nifty 50 Chart Syed Iz
There. Ok? He asked me if I
Scalping with a risk of 510 points
I am losing my 30-40 point reward.
That means if we look at the risk reward then almost 1
It is just above 3. Ok?
And at a risk ratio of 1:3, sorry, 1:3
His win rate on risk reward is 55%.
amazing
And only candlesticks are written as much
specifically following candlestick classes
In. So the more people who are doing well, I
I will do one thing, I will arrange a class.
Google Meet and all the people doing well
Let those people come and tell us their strategies.
Will you give it or not, I am doing it like this, I am doing it like this
I am doing it like this, so apart
From you have so much information you
Will you get some other things as well, right?
How did I get the idea? Just tell me.
How is this idea
This is the point where I also get shocked
Shahrukh, your question is Nifty chart
Which time frame to look at end options
5 minutes 5 minutes 5 minutes Shahrukh
Of course, we are planning for Nifty and
We will also see time frames like one hour.
I have to watch it daily, I have to watch it for four hours.
It has to be seen that it is preplanned
Preplanning the Market But When It Comes to Trading
In that situation, we have to take 5 minutes
Nifty here and 5 minute options there
Scalping That's It
You will ask me everything on my screen
There are charts, there are also 4 hour charts and one hour charts.
It also happens that something happens for 15 minutes.
I'm doing scalping a lot
There would have been a profit of Rs 45,000 per month and Rs 7
There are 8000 charges. It's great, friend. Any
There is no problem. Don't worry Keshav don't
Straights a lot. Slow lot size
You will increase it, right? As soon as you change the lot size
If you increase it, your charges will not increase.
More but profits will increase a lot.
For example, if you make two lots then
Your profits will average ₹90,000
nearby. But your brokerage is 7
From 8000 it will become around 10,000-11,000
nearby. It just won't double. Because Brokerage
There is no doubling in increasing the lot. Ok? So
It's good. very good.
I made around 25,000 on a 50, what a thing
Very good Shreyas since class has started
I made around 25000 on a capital of 50000
I made some mistakes in some trade learning
Continuously Thank You One Too Many Times I Added
Some extra money but later understood the
Mistake ok perfect va nice va nice va
Nice Shys
He Told Me to Do Option Scalping and
intraday ok great look chat gbt
I am telling you if it suits you
According to Numerology, you should do it
Are you an intraday scalping fast mover?
So do it, there is no issue like I have.
The charity has said that we are considering all of
What your experts say
Isn't it a work of nature, you are my nature
According to that my accuracy swing
It will be a little more as compared to
Intraday said, you do whatever you want.
You will do very well in strategy swing
The same strategy will work in intraday
If you do it, its accuracy will always be low.
It is less anyway, but according to him
Because according to that there was some pause in me.
Is. There is not that much impulsiveness. So
And it's it's right also. if these
If you look at the month, there are four GPTs.
Extremely right. because this month
The intraday done intraday has entered
But the swing is right.
Ok. Option from 20K. Shubham is 50 years old.
If you are just starting out in your 50s
Don't just go into options when you start out.
Nowhere is it written that there is more in the option
There is money to be made.
How much capital did you start with? from 5000
Had started. Now you will say from 5,000
Have you become so much? No. job in between
So did the curry. Money came from that too. then somewhere else
Also took money from him. He should increase the money. than that
Got commissions.
I had a friend. He got married in 202.
Many people do not know this. So
In 2020, when this was being discussed
So then he told me that by doing this I
I am going to get this much money. So I'm thinking
Yes, I will buy Tata Harrier. So I
He said, don't buy Harrier, you should buy Tata now.
Take stock. So I was not gaining confidence
For him. He said, if my friend drowns then I am useless.
I am going to get the car. It is not money
Don't even survive. Luckily at that time the car was in stock
The market was completely crashed. So I myself
He entered Tata Motors at ₹110
nearby. Around 110 120 and Tata Motor
Tata Motors had made a low of ₹63 after falling
did. At the time when it was time to take it
So it was running at ₹80. I gave him about ₹90
I got Tata Motors shares for ₹1
lakhs
And guess how much it would have sold for 90
He. He sold that stock for ₹540.
Although it went up to ₹1100, it came down to ₹540
Told him that brother, take whatever you want now.
Sell ​​it.
Just sell it here for up to Rs 1010.
Done
Yes
this was a thing
$1000 at but after risk management
Now we are very nice Ali sir well done well done
Let's just take a little risk now.
Yes intraday scalping you can as many
People with jobs, please stay away from
Intraday and scalping is not your thing
And from one perspective, you understand a little bit
business point of view
Why I don't regret intraday
I can sometimes do it, I can't do it
I can do scalping but I can't
Why doesn't it happen, you understand, if I
If I do intraday for three days, then in three days
Suppose my total in intraday
Nonstop Stop Loss Pay Stop Loss If Come
Are. However, when my Continue Stop Loss
If I start feeling like this then I will take the risk on myself.
I will reduce it.
just a second
Right, but if I continuously stop like this
Stop losses are coming on losses. one second
How is this
Let us go
If Philos from my Continue Stop Loss
I keep doing less and less. So if you assume
What do my 10 say?
I am taking 3 day continuation trade.
What will be the total loss? If the risk is 1%
If I am following then there is a risk of 9%.
Usually it goes around 7-8%. Correct
Is? with brokerage because again I
Reduces also country losses are happening
So, I stop many times. As
If you see now, I took a future today.
I did not trade for the first three-four days.
Didn't take it. That future when I lost it
Stop Loss I put no money into that account
No trades taken. then stop
This was all I had for the past month. Now I don't
Can and lose. Stopped
similarly if you will ask me
If I comment, I forget the context.
just gone
Option buying over option selling
very nice va nice keshav loved it
After increasing the capital, I will do FAO and stock
You have a lot of stock in stock right now.
Don't get caught up in this, you only get five
Want any favorite Nifty 50 stock?
Just choose your five favorite stocks.
Daily new stocks are not required when
You won't know how he behaves.
If you have stock then how will you plan well?
in that
Yes job person what will be the swing
Trading only yes now I understand it is back
I remembered the contest, I had forgotten it.
So if I do continuous trading for three days
If I am looking at how many stop losses do I have?
There are nine, roughly around 9%.
I am leaving and I am not trading for three days.
Found. Instead of doing intraday for these three days, my
I got two-three hours of time in between, so I
Took two-three swings. two swings out
So let's say and take out a swing or three
Found it. Sometimes I got two, sometimes three, sometimes
Got four as well. And if 2% in one trade
Have a stop loss plan
And if out of three
Two walked, one got hit by SL, then turned around.
The average has come down to that, so it's all there.
Game of averages.
Right now my target is that by the end of the month
Let's see how much I have made. 5% made, six
Made, made 10, made 15, made 20,
How much has been made? That is important. Now what
You think you can make 10% in swing trading
Can't you make it from the market? What do you think?
It is impossible.
Trade in BTC USD to do the same
Alisad to you. Don't even change it.
What do you think? Will not be able to make 10% swing
In trading. What do you think?
10% in 1 month
It can come out. Not a very big deal. become
Will go. So what if I turn around now?
It seems if you do intraday then in 1 month
How much will you make in 1 day and 1 month?
Percentage you from intraday? tell me process
in with
in 1 month
20 trading sessions per month average
15 to 20% fine.
And 7 to 8% is fine. I tell you
How much can you have? I will say you
This can happen sometimes. You traded for 2 days
Get it done in 2 days.
from lats
Maybe you made 25%. But then
A series of losses followed and he turned around.
Only 12-13% is left in the end. So if you are 10 to
If you are making 15% in intraday then it is very
Good and if you are making it in swing
That's fine too, so for me it's both
More and Less the Same Thing
And because of this satisfaction, I am not
Addicted with this thing that no no just
This is what I have to do, this is all I have to do
Planning is all planning, whoever has it
He can't do the job and she can
Easily plan these swings and swing you
should only do
ok students will you practice
Practice Exercises from Students Images
Practice and Start with Stocks Less
Capital Start with ₹15 ₹2000 ₹1500 to ₹1000
Try to earn ₹1000 from that ₹1000
No, look at the percentage, it is fine.
510 stocks 510 stocks so or this was hole
Tell me how you liked the video.
What was your overall experience like?
Let me know in the comment section below
I definitely take the time to read the comments.
So the team remains active to monitor all the doses
Things but whenever I get time I come
Try it I go and whatever your recommendations are
Sir, you make it on this, make it on this
I posted the video with a screenshot of it.
It's somewhere where I remember that
No, yes, this was your demand, so for this
Based on how can I create something really?
Valuable for you so this was it. I hope
You must have liked it. You learned a lot
will be. Restrict yourself so that whenever
Even if you open YouTube or Instagram
You are only posting educational or similar content.
You will only see what will elevate you in life.
It will help in getting it done. Because this thing should be kept in mind
Please Keep. The things you see, the things you
As you listen, thoughts will come to you. Thoughts
Your actions will be based on this and the same
Actions will go ahead and decide whether your
What is destiny going to be? with that said
That was it from my side. All the best.
