Om
 
This is the class we are going to do today.
If you ever feel stuck in trading
Yes, sometimes there may be huge losses, some losing
If you get stuck, anything happens, you can just use the app
I'll go back and revise this class.
Do it. That's it. Ok? it will be a
Kind of come back for you. Fine. That's what I
I was making a mistake. Now I have to remove my
Mistakes and get back to the flow. Ok?
Today we are going to understand how probability
Works.
And everything is related to probability.
Have happened. Ok? Lectures on Probability
There have been before also. But every time it's more and
More better and much clearer. Ok? so i want
You too focus completely.
This
is
Your Real Trading. This is your real
Trading. Now if we complete a trading
This is not what I have told you yet in this lecture.
of all that you have learned
There will be kind of short revision so that you
So that a complete conclusion can be reached. Because Anyways
Now our class is unfortunately coming to an end.
It is increasing. It is coming to an end.
What all comes under probability? See
Yours
Follow a strategy and follow discipline
Staying disciplined in trading
is this important tell me is this
It is important
What money can you have without it?
you can make money
isn't it let me write it also let me write
it also
Why is my screen acting up like this?
Ok.
It is important. Did you understand? I understand right now
Will come. You don't worry. You will understand now.
This is the thing that needs to be understood. just one
Seconds.
Ok? So
Now if I write, I will not write everything.
I am here. Ok? This is just to explain to you
is to illustrate for. So what
That discipline and strategy one
Follow the strategy and focus on one thing
to survive is it is it is it a what say
Are?
Is that important? The answer is yes.
What is that thing connected to? Probability
From. Keep this in mind.
Ok? Following a strategy
The matter has happened. what risk management
Is it necessary to follow in trading? and every
in a trade
Is it necessary to follow risk management
In every single trade? In every single trade. well
No matter how much confidence you have? With whom
Is it connected? From Probability Theory.
Is it necessary to follow risk to reward?
Is? risk to reward
What is it connected to? By probability.
Is Patience Important in Trading?
I mean, don't bring FOMO inside you.
And sit with patience
Patience is important, let me write my initials.
What is patience related to?
from probability
is it okay
It is important not to fall into the trap
Not greedy. don't covet
Buddy. Fine.
There is a great saying that in trading
That you should know when to stop. you should know
When to stop.
There was a hatch fund.
Okay, I will tell you more later. be very tall
I will go to class. But what about controlling greed?
Is it important? Tell me. Is it intent? If your
If the answer is yes then it is connected
With probability.
Ok? Now
All the things we are doing right now, this 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 December
Is trading possible without all this?
Not there. Ok.
What
It is important not to do Pomo or not.
FOMO is a very easy thing to say, but
It's very difficult because it's in your blood.
It is inhabited. Taking advantage of this FOMO
Many brands make a lot of blind money.
It's about your FOMO. So this is because they know
It is ingrained in your genes. but what
Is it important to show FOMO or not?
The answer is yes and it is also linked
By probability.
Yes, an example could be Labdol. many
There are principles. Ok. Shield years from FOMO
I am not going. It will come right away. Ok.
You made the letters work for a long time. No
Results.
Even after no results, if you still want to
Even though the results are not coming, I am still
How to explain to the brain
Is it important that he will be the boss?
If you want to be successful in trading then
This is also related to probability.
Correct, what we call not quitting
Attitude Not Quitting
Now tell me this, this which we have just said
Seven principles we have understood so far are these
In addition to the Seven Principles
Fear, let's fear it too, fear it
Fear is part of risk management
I have already told you about risk management.
Fear goes away with risk management
Okay, whatever fear there is, it goes away from whom?
Let's go through risk management. Ok? This which
These are the seven important pillars
Apart from the important pillars
Is there anything else left in trading? tell me.
What do you think? There is no ego. there is
No ego. Don't think about ego. Ego In
If you go to breakdown revenge then Greed
I will come.
Because you have a greed for making money because
Off that Greed.
Your
Ego and revenge thinking sense. Ok? if you
All these comparisons to others are common.
These are things that make sense. All this is common to you
There should be sense. All this is a training
There is no part. This is all about human psychology.
It is a part. Right? That
Do not compare yourself with others. NV is
Thief of Joy.
Right? We Do Envy is a Thief of Joy.
For example
1 2 3 Three People Three People I Know Them
Personally I have the numbers we have good
We had good times playing golf together
Play, have fun, chill out, all of them three
People have a Rolls Royce do I have it now
Rolls Ry Hai No But Am I Comparing To Them
No
I'm a champion on my own
What I have, none of the three have.
Is. Not there.
And only God can provide that thing.
He gives it up. It cannot be bought.
What I have cannot be bought.
So what do you say if
Let me just talk. Although I d these
I don't even explain myself like that.
No, no, you have everything now.
If you get it, now you have to work hard every day.
Why not do it, I have to buy it
I have to buy the rights too, I have to buy that too but
One has to buy one by doing ethical work.
Not even one of them should be unethical.
It shouldn't be that way, my friend, I know that
The other person will suffer a loss today, after that
I am doing that work, no I will not do it.
My conscience does not allow me to do this
Elsa would have come long before me
near me
Keep it in mind the number of people I see
I have a large following but I have a large following.
Nice coat I saw in the Spiderman movie
In the first movie, that big power comes
With Big Responsibility
Right, if you ever had a superpower
If you have it, don't misuse that super power.
can you do it or you just don't for your own benefit
You can use the right only for your own benefit
For this, you too should grow and do such work that
Your impact can make the entire society grow.
It should be because even inside Rolls Royce
If I sit like this and my heart is inside
He told me that friend, you should not have done this.
Then you won't enjoy it, then you won't be able to sleep.
Ok
So that's why it isn't psychology or psychology.
Psychology is not a myth maniac
If you understand this then you will understand
Each and Everything Rest Psychology Is Just
Myth
It is a delusion.
Do you know why this is a delusion? Let me
Explain you. I will explain this to you now
I.
We humans
I am not talking about myself. I I
If I give then I am no one. I am also human
Yes I am. You are also a human being. Hum Insaan U And
Me. Both of you. Both of us. We don't blame
They are very good at games. Very good
There are. If something is not working for us
We will not say that it is our mistake.
They will say that it is the other person's fault.
And by the grace of God we are all very successful in this.
They are good. All of you, me, everyone
Everyone is in this planet. Someone here is very
No, no, no, no, my mistake, friend.
Is. 2 Now I'm Trying to Blame
Everything. If anything happens, I try to
Blame yourself that you haven't managed well
That's Why This Happens
But other than that, it was all our fault, now you
Look carefully and understand the trading words now.
Understand
No success in trading
I tried everything and lost thousands of rupees.
I tried giving people a call tip channel.
Joined very expensively
Even then lakhs of rupees are not being made.
Even after completing the courses, I am not able to earn money.
Are. Oh, it's a psychological problem.
Whereas it is not a psychological problem.
If you sit in front and trade for 10 days then
If the beatings start then after 10 days
The psychology inside will become straight. And this is
True. This is actually true. But because
We like the blame game. So what are we
We do? Nothing is happening. Good
They start finding faults in it. This is a shortcoming.
Ok, it is not happening because of this. Fine.
We are not saying it is our fault that we
Specifically, maybe we should
There should be no clarity in the chart, even in our
Whether it is lack of knowledge or maybe we have doubts about ourselves
Can't control
Now let's talk about self-control.
You are not able to control yourself. To you
I know everything, it's not a big risk, friend.
Should be taken. working at a small risk
Needed So
If you work on small risk then you will earn money
Will be made. Because I have more opportunities.
Even after that, you never get greedy and buy big.
You are taking the risk. Have you ever thought of revenge?
Did you take a big risk out of confusion or greed?
I took a big risk in the affair and then in it
There was a loss. If there is profit, you will say
Hey, I'm the champion. I have done this.
I did the thing. If there is profit. And
If there is a loss then there is a psychological problem.
You're a [ __ ] liar. And you're in line to
Yourself. That's it. you're making a fool of yourself
You would have been there. If there is actually a profit
Even if it is your mistake, you still
Did. It is your skill. You became an archer
Taking big risks, making big money and losing
Even if it happens, it is your fault.
That's not a psychological problem. What
Psychology? Where did psychology come into this?
Hey, you decided that I should have heavy
Have to work at risk. So you first
I should calculate if this risk is right for me
If you pass by, will I be able to handle it?
And if it doesn't work then give
Then there is not psychology, then there is
Fullishness
you got it
If I were to jump off the roof of a building
And I know there's a parachute behind me
It is not there and I do not know that below
If a person falls and dies, I am a fool.
I
There is no psychology in that, hey, I
I felt like jumping, oh I jumped with money
jump you should know that so much
If I jump from a height, I will die.
Right? What psychology is there in this? Any
It is not psychology.
Just the basic thing that you have to decide
Weather You Are Ready To Lose This
Amount or not. If there is a loss in these cases.
And If You Haven't Calculated Then You Are
Stupid. You are foolish. there is no
On psychological. Think about it yourself. In this
What psychology is this? to explain to me
Try to see what psychology is there in this.
Because as soon as there is profit, we will dance.
will roam
And I will go and sing a song at home. Today I
Bought for ₹1 lakh and now it has become ₹1 lakh
My. And if you are active on social media
So I will also upload the video. Look at these guys
Money is made. I had invested ₹1 lakh and ₹1
I have had lakhs. You can also do it
This way. It turned out that the poor guy had only ₹1.
There are lakhs lying around. Now he became excited.
I do that too. Invested the entire ₹1 lakh.
Look, the next day the capital became zero.
for it this very good bright i loved it
Thank you for saying this to my face today
That's I'm Stupid Sir Need This Dose Of
Reality Yes and Now Ujjwal After This
Acceptance is the way you pat yourself.
Can you or not boss, I have maintained my standards
raised kar liya hai because now I have
Started Realizing That Boss Makes Mistakes
What I am doing is my mistake. it starts
It starts here and it's all mine
It's happening with Steed. And now do it once
Diya it's fine. Everybody makes mistakes.
Man is a bundle of mistakes.
But from now on, next time I will not
Try to repeat it. I will try this.
That's it.
Ok? So now tell me some sense into this.
Did I come to you? Did anyone hit you?
Now if there is no trading psychology
Why I Say Trading Psychology? Why
Everybody Says Trading Psychology?
Trading Psychology Names in Applications
Why is the class pending? If it is not
Trading Psychology. Because people understand
He comes only in me.
If I add some more names that this will
Make your confidence better. So people are right
They will not take any learning. Then They Will Not
Focus on.
Then people will not take it. Because everybody
Says Training Psychology and Everybody Knows
That it caused a problem. it's a training
Psychology. No it's not a dawning
Psychology and by the way these lectures also add
This is going to be added because
It's Socent
Right now you understand there is no
Trading Psychology Known to No Beginner
It's good to explain that well first it
is a
What Mental It Says Is An Educational Game
You should have knowledge to know everything
Should and then there is mental game
Which is fighting with yourself. him we
Named it trading psychology. thats
It. But other than that, no, it's not there.
No nothing. Trading does nothing
Psychology. It's all [ __ ]. It's all
Marketing Things. A That's it. Ok.
It is not what it is. It is important. Now
No one knows. Well, you guys too
Didn't know before. So you guys just give it
We used to see from the aspect that technical
Strategy and Defined Approach Chart Reading
Should come. It has good accuracy and its
After Trading Psychology Just
Right now if I understand trading psychology
I will remove my mind and say some more words from there.
Then you will not be able to relate. You just understand
You won't be able to. now you know
Okay then what is it actually? What
Happens? This is what I am going to explain to you
understanding of this thing
Ability is important.
Last time I lost, just two days ago.
Previously When I Lost Around $000
Okay, in gold and then the gold went away too.
Why did I fall and why did I not panic?
I haven't done that and I haven't done any yet.
If you haven't even planned your trade, it would have been a loss.
He is the one who is there, no one is there to take revenge for him
Don't try to reverse it
I didn't do it or this or that, it's all settled
There
Why I did that because I
I know the probability, nothing else.
I will not tell you that no, no, my
Training psychology is very strong. Some?
Not there.
Psychologically I might be very weak like that
I get very upset.
That's my human psychology. That's how I
behave as a human
That I get anxiety a lot. to me right now
I also feel like I am not giving my best.
Am. Even after doing so much and thinking about it
I keep having anxiety. thats
My psychological issue.
That's how continuously I feel because one that
Isn't it that
Right now I'm also shot with good people. My
Very good pass right now those people with a visa
Not in my team. Now!
There are pushy people. Everyone has to push
It is that you do this, you do that. Nobody
Has this taken the ownership of the work. And that
I keep getting anxious hearing this
Continuously all the time. Because when you
Know that you have 1000 horsepower inside you.
And if you are driving at a speed of 50
The engine overheats itself.
He happens to me
But it's okay. Whatever has to happen will happen when it has to happen.
I will keep trying my best. That's why I
I don't sleep. And that is the reason. I sleep
I can't find it. That is the reason.
I can't sleep because of anything. eyes shut
When I do it, it starts spinning. Well, this is left
Two, this is left, this is left, this is left, this
Let me do it, let me do that, let me do this, let me do that.
It
O my father is like he takes trade while
Watching people on live trading then
Looses and He Says It's Not in My Kundli
End
He has lost more than 5 lax but still he
Daz
That's all example yes and please
tell your father okay i am no
One I Don't Have Any Rights To Point Anyone
But as a teacher and as an experience
What I Can Share and In Pieces of Infection I
can share with you is that forget about the
Indian Tracers Okay, let's see the big one.
People out there, if you are as big as these
Traders are like George Sos happened, chim
Sims done or else
You know all the big people take 10 names Google
Will merge in. Paul Tudor Jones All These Big
People will not even know his horoscope.
What is in it.
they have this
thing in their hearts that I understand
Is. Desi Da, well, if we do it like this, then like this
Money will be made. And they just do it. thats
It. Horoscope is good. Getting Aligned Yourself
It is very good but being dependent is not good.
Something is not working for us. it
It is not in my horoscope to live with thoughts. This
Doesn't make sense to me at least.
Yes you can show him batch videos. batch
Videos You Can Show Him. ok sir you will be
Nisha Yadav. Sir I will make sure you get mine
I will remember the name. You will be proud of me.
Whether it takes six months or six years. Done
Nisha Done. I want to be proud. I know
Hey my what's the view from here? Meaning
What do I want from here? I want this
I mean, students
The biggest thing for me is what they say.
For him? who he is
What do you say? Like if today's time
If you look at it, there is money. The biggest for me
Do you know what the money will be? Some Student Made
₹ lakh, 8 lakh, ₹ lakh and I don't even know
Is. And he himself has made one video and
I was tagged in it and I saw it.
m gana share. I'm gonna share and that is
Going to be the best achievement. Because if
You're trying to teach something, if you
Trying to explain something, that I understand
It comes, results are obtained. that is the
Best feeling hour, best best best
Feeling Hour. That feeling matches something
Can't do it. So that's why I want
I do it. So I am doing this
Be the thing. Okay, alright. So now now you know now
You guys know very well what is the
Scene. Ok? Now let's take it one by one.
We will understand probability. Then
Probability is connected to everything.
Will you follow a strategy?
It is important. You know. Why butt?
Is it important? How? You will understand.
We will link you to risk management
Link will come and link risk to reward
I will come and link the patience
Will link to Then What Was This Greed
Ake will link to What Was This Fomo
Come and also have the attitude of not quitting
We will link all the things first.
You will understand the probability and then come to him.
Individually we will try to link ok
It will be very easy for you to understand, this has happened before.
It hasn't happened in class, okay so let's
Understand What Probability Is
Probability theory is such a wonderful thing.
Nor is it such a wonderful thing that the day
People understood
The entire gain changes
And by using this very thing, in today's time
I am not talking about people not trading
If I am successful in life and business also
This is what happens behind what has happened.
This is what happens behind it. Ok? someone big
Became an actor. What does someone say? someone
You have made a very good invention. someone
You did some very good work. any many
I did well in trading. any social
It became very famous in the media. Any
He became a very big businessman. real estate
But I did something very big. Anything X and
Z Anything in the World Whatever Happened
Probability theory goes into it. So
Now You Know That It's Not Just Trading But It's
everything
It's Everything
Real Education I Started After Stepping
Out school. Yes yes yes this is so true. This
Is so true. And That's Why I Don't Want
My Son to Study
Age and that basic thing, basic obvious thing
Ethics is how to connect with people and all
He should know these things but apart from that
I have no interest and I think
From seventh to 10th, that much comes to 12th
Till then maximum that much comes, after that
He should pursue his own things and before that
Actually, you know the more you travel.
As I think, let's move forward with this.
Let's understand first, otherwise we will get lost.
I will go from this, okay. so what
Probability means how much of something
Chances of getting percent? It's like that.
Probability is possibilities.
If I am not wrong. This is what happens in Hindi, right?
I mean its probability.
Correct?
Now
First, look at it from a trading point of view.
I understand.
Ok?
think like this
How probability works in trading
What happened in the market today
Exactly the same will happen tomorrow.
How likely is this thing to happen?
Someone will tell
50%
Listen to each word very carefully.
The way the market has moved today,
The market will move in the same way tomorrow also.
What are the chances of this happening? 50%
Is. Is 50%.
The way the market has moved today
By the way, will you ever move? Same to same? Its
The answer is yes.
I'm talking about charts, prices.
I'm talking about taking it to the next level
Let's take it to.
Why is it that the market is the way it is today?
I have moved, I will move forward in that way someday.
Will do.
The answer lies in human behavior.
The answer lies in human behavior. Now
We should not give this a little
And break it at the psychological level.
Although I am very knowledgeable about human psychology
I am not a big expert. Whatever has been learned
He learned a little from books and
Learning videos from YouTube
I have learnt by watching them.
But there is a theory
Of humans that divide and rule.
Have you all heard it? Put food and rule.
Right? This is this is the truth. Add food,
Rule.
Does this thing really work?
The answer is yes. In your friend circle
Try it and see. Maybe someone is your friend
This will happen in the circle. A friend who is
He causes a fight between two friends and
After that, I also mean it.
and also keeps it from him and technically both of them
But he is controlling it. him both
Resources are available from various places.
If you go and see your family,
You can also do this thing in the family.
You can notice.
I have taken a very simple example.
Add food and do it today. why this thing
Works?
This thing works because it's a human
It is behavior.
If I have a fight with the person in front of me
So I will not talk to him. No food
I am speaking. I am talking about food. Divide
I am talking about the end rule.
Ok? Divide and rule.
So if I have a fight with the person in front of me
So my ego is so high that I talk to her.
I will not do it. But it could be one of mine
You are a friend. He also knows him. he from her
Will talk. I have no problem. Ok
Do. Is my friend. I will not talk
From him. And who knows what the benefit of this is.
It might be happening to him. Because he has two people
Are. I only have one and that's it
There are two people nearby. So now who is in power? h
Is that in control guy?
The British did the same thing to us.
Right?
And I don't need to say it at all
That
Lot of Times
We have been divided into many situations
I am and even today I am divided into many things
Is
Weather Wo Religion Ho Caste Ho Right
Lots of Things Are There and We Are Divided
Correct
So if you will ask me what is its relation to trading
What is the connection? A simple this I will tell you
Explained it in a simple way for an example
I am explaining that this is human behavior and
Everyone knows this
But it is still happening. Brother Trump
What are you doing? If seen technically.
Asia is a different country. It is a continent. Now
North America is a separate continent. They
Technically North America's Banda Asia
By making countries fight among themselves and from there
He is giving everyone something of his secret, giving something
is, has been something and is ruling
Technically fighting each other
technically
Because if China, India and Russia
All three should come together and then India is gone.
Bye-bye sorry America gone. Bye-B Tata Ho
Went
We cannot have control over us if we are together
If we come then it is right and if China loses its
I have withdrawn my hand from America, just telling
I am just like this for understanding
America's band will survive because America
They don't have labour, they don't have labour
They have to go and get it from China and
India
So this is this perspective, this human
Everyone is educated in psychology. All good all good
Everyone has knowledge of this. Our upper level higher
The authorities know everything about them. Even then
Unable to unite. and someone from there
He is ruling by dividing freely. So
Why is this happening? Human Emotions
This is it. Such is the greedy human emotion. Fear
Human emotion. What Else? Fear, Greed
And getting board human emotion. these three
There are emotions. Fear, Greed, and Getting
Board.
Got it?
FOMO comes because of greed.
You get FOMO because of the greed. So it's all
Three three. Now the market is focused on these three
Moves in sentiments. Ok? So now
Let's get back. because of this reason because
When human emotions are the same as long as the person is alive
Till then these three things will continue like this.
When AI will completely take over
Even if this thing changes in the world
Patterns may change but as long as humans exist
Till then this pattern is not there on this earth.
Change is about to happen. That is why the way in which
The market has moved in those patterns today
It goes ahead and some people follow the pattern
They are very good at analysis. For them
Very good at pattern recognition
and that's in pattern recognition
Recognize and find the place there
Trades and They Make Huge Money
Okay, I understand, you understand this much of the story.
Yes for a short summary for a short summary and
For a little throwback, you still need to
It was understood that as the market moved today
As far as I am concerned, the market will move tomorrow also.
This is for sure. This happens. This would have been
Is. If it doesn't happen
If this does not happen then no one in the world
Trader looking at charts
He will never be able to make money.
Because what is a strategy? What
Is it a strategy?
Strategy is nothing. There is an approach. one set
Of the rules, I use this.
Am. And I will use this. When in this
It happens like this that I enter.
Sometimes that thing works. Sometimes that thing works
Doesn't do it.
That is strategy.
Let's take the dominance candle.
Dominance candles form in the market
Is. Are all your trades profitable?
She goes? Tell me.
No. Do all your trades end in losses?
Is?
No.
Do you risk only 1% per trade?
Do you get a reward? No. 1:10 is also gone, 1
15 is also gone. Right?
Fine. So that means things are working.
And whatever happens in the market, X and Z.
It works like this. That's why
Probability theory is like the soul of
Trading. This is the soul.
This is the soul which is called one of ours.
An I Think Word in Spirituality Word
Perhaps it is what is called the ultimate
Truth
Right
Awakening
When it happens that the person gets everything
Knowledge becomes God in this different way
God is like God, the ultimate truth.
Awakening Knowledge of Everything
As
If someone asks me that
What is the purpose of life?
If you are also asked what is the purpose of
Life? So 90% of you don't even answer.
Will find. Because they know what
Okay, fine, become successful now. His
Earn a lot of money later. lots of money
Earn money and buy your own car. everyone
Keep your family happy and keep your family happy
After what just say great happiness
Live life comfortably, have fun, chill out
And if you just die and go away, what will you do?
That's why you came into this world, that you were born
After that, you worked hard your whole life.
Started doing it and started earning money
I used my diyas to make others happy and make them happy.
After doing this I died and went away, is this
What You Call a Life
No, the meaning of life is not this.
So there should be something there should be something
The right would be something else and 90% of people do this.
Have come. That's it and he did it and left.
Will go. Right? But I like it a lot
It seems monotonous.
I can't live such a monotonous life.
Isn't it? And in fact I am saying that even though
No matter how big your papas are, why?
No, no. I'm saying you have a billion.
Why not just be on the dollar company?
Spot.
But what will you do eventually? You have very
Earned all the money. to a lot of people
Please do it. Can't do it for everyone. Please hate
So you will definitely get it. Anyways
Even if you employ everyone, it will be 1000
10 out of 10 employees will give you early
There are. Anyways this is a very bad boss
My.
Right? And then at the end what did you do?
please do it to everyone and after that you just
Continuously work work work work work and
eventually died
And I wish what you have understood from
Life is nothing
Right this is another word. This one is different, this one is mine
There is a different realm inside me. On this we
And will not go deeper. But this is what I
Am trying to say.
Ok? until we have no money
Till then there would have been only one M for us
It is to earn money. And this is true. Without
You will not even get spirituality with money.
Or you are absolutely next level.
At once
Become a saint.
Ok? Else
There's a very good saying, you know?
Who said it? I think maybe I might
Einstein and Somewhere Else that much
I'm studying science more and more.
I am getting closer to God.
Ok? The more you understand science
There is more belief in God and more
I am getting closer. The more you
Now there are two ways to get money. One
So money has to come that brother, you are getting money.
Are. You are spending a lot of money and you have
You have adopted wrong habits and you are ruining your life.
Of course you think that now I am the king.
I will do whatever I want because I
I have money.
Right? That is one way of living life. End
The second way of living life is that you try
To actually say that friend this is big
There is a repetitive pattern. This is not me living
Could be this way. If I had a lot of things today
Had fun too. I go to the club myself
I am dancing. I am spending a lot of money.
I got a lot of money there. So
Also what? This is also a repetitive pattern.
Happened. The same pattern happened that once
I was small. I studied. I
Earned money. Earn a little more money. a little
He had fun and then died and left.
What's a difference?
Yes. Yes, a little big life, a little labish
Lived the life. Some people will name more
Yes brother, it's fine. He was a very good person.
Many people earned money. in your life
The elder one brought it up. that should not be the
Only true meaning of life. you will ask me
What is the true meaning of life? Me too
Don't know completely yet. I have
Just figure it out yourself. That's it. I mine
I've got you figured out. Other than that.
I am still in search.
Really need to fund this, fund this thing.
Ok? It has to be funded very well.
But right now I don't have that much funds that I
I can fund it completely.
Ok? Anyways.
So did you understand this point? Let's Get Back
To the Thing. Please don't lose at all.
Every single thing is related. Everything related
Is. Ok? So
Probability
There is one thing that happened today. tomorrow again
Is. That's Why This Thing Works.
And knowingly or unknowingly some people have this knowledge
It happens but some people do not have the knowledge
It happens. Nobody Shares Their Secret But
Let me share it with you. Everybody Says
That you should keep going. you work
Should remain. Stick to one thing.
Right? Eventually you get success.
This Is What Everybody Says.
Everyone comes here and gives knowledge. whether it be someone
May it also happen. It could be anyone, X or Z.
A fitness influencer will also ask you the same thing.
Will speak. A trading influencer can also ask you
This is what he will say. A politician also asks you the same thing.
A big businessman will also say the same to you.
He will say and the one who is at the saint level, he too
He will only tell you that son, just do your work.
Do your work. And in our Srimad Bhagavad Gita
This is also written. And I'm sure
Something like this might be written in the Quran also.
Right? That you just keep working. my work
Keep doing it with passion. That's it.
Right? Correct decency. Right? perfect. So
Why? Nobody Tells You Why? I will tell
You why.
I will try to give an example of this
I to you. Ok?
There is a human being. Let's Take
Let's take decency. Let me take you as an example.
Ok? You are from Sharafat Lets.
You said I will do X thing.
You worked hard but did not get results.
You said I'll try something else
And I will try to keep doing it. Ano
How can I improve further in this?
New Opportunity
You try it again. Ok? Don't stop now.
Try it again. Try again. It should be T.
I don't know why he has written R. Butt Lets
From. Try again, try again. Feld. Feld.
You try again. U Feld. You try again.
U Feld. You try again. U Feld. You
Try again. U Feld.
Ok? This is the sequence. it is very
Normal. Fine.
On the other hand, let us take humans.
Manav Tried Again Fail Manav Tried Fail
Human Tried Feld Human Tried Feld Human
Tried Feld. As much as Sharafat tried
Man did that much. Both Feld. Manav said
I can't do it, leave it, friend.
Manav quits Manav quits okay
Manav's power is off
Sharafat said until we break it
I will not leave you, tried tried, try, try
try try try try try
try try try try tried worked
hey just kidding chill it work
Now behind this
What is Psychology? Its big back
It is simple psychology.
decency and humanity
Let's take these two.
Sharafat gave 1000 attempts and Manav
Gave 50 attempts. Who Do You Think Stands
Higher chances of getting success?
Decency.
Honesty will bring success through honesty.
It's very simple.
There are no complications.
Got it? Did you understand? because it
Mathematical.
The more attempts you have, the better
Your chances of success. That's it. End
Every time you try each, your each try is
Taking you to the next level. How? because
Your every try
Increasing your number of attempts.
Does that make sense?
Yes?
We are not seeing that there is no success
Are getting. Now my life is mine again
The perspective changed later. it
Right When I Started Things Working
When did it start working for me, right? So when
Things started working out, does anyone remember me?
The first video I made on Instagram
It was my good video, quite a good one.
Had gone. It was my second or third video.
I had very short hair and I
I was sitting in the OD car, I was going somewhere.
But I had heard that this Lal-L
You can see the candle by looking at it.
I remember something that was kind of a
Hook
Well, I had a second-hand Audi at the time.
I was just starting out new then.
Instagram
Then when I say what
I was completely new to Instagram.
Before that I have bought that Audi second hand
It was there but never mind a second hand Audi
It's a big deal to buy it with your money. It's big.
Thing for me. Ok?
Now after that things worked out again. They
After trading, then social media also
Work for me. Is social media working from today?
Went? No. There is a video where
Of course, I tried to explain that.
What is Nifty? And I can't even speak
Was on camera. Made in 2017-1
I probably did. Yes, it was made like this in 16-17.
will be. What was coming after writing 9 years in it?
Ego.
And
I made it and it got 101 views. Second
I made a video and it got five views. I
I said it was in my control, so I left it.
I said I can't do all this.
From. Now the reason behind this was that I myself
He did not have that much knowledge. So now yourself
If someone doesn't have the knowledge then how can you explain?
Can you do it in front? People don't connect
I will do it to you. Right? So again coming back to
The point that
With each of your failures or everything
Your number of attempts keeps increasing
Are. And who ever has the highest
Attempts Wins
Thomas Alba Editions
He tried something 8000 times
It was to make bulbs. If I'm Not Wrong
8000 times right, this example is very good
and then he understood how the bulb
I don't want to make it, but this is my point of view.
That with each attempt Edison was
going close because their number of
Attempts are passed. as much as
The higher the number of attempts, the higher the chances of
Success.
Same thing happened with Dyson.
I did something in Dozen that made them lose their
Was it to make the best hair dryer or the best
wanted to make a vacuum cleaner that would clean a lot or
Dry your hair very well and do it right
Recently I have gifted one day to
My wife and she actually have pretty nice hair
There is a dryer and I also tried it.
Well, right, so how it happened, how it worked.
For them, more attempts mean higher success.
Rate that simple, whatever you have to do next
In Life It's Not Just Trading Thing It Is
A Life Lesson: Whatever you want to do, you have to do it more.
Higher attempts, higher chances, that's it okay
got it
You should look carefully and understand yes
So when something is happening in the market
Everything is Connected
And from probability you just understand this much
What happened yesterday will happen again today.
It didn't happen, but it happens someday.
It happens 100% right market probability
This is what is called what happened today, tomorrow again
That will happen, now we come to the conclusion on this.
on that
If
Now there's a lot to connect the dots.
You know what happened in the market today.
It will happen again tomorrow, I don't know when
It will happen, but it happens
Like in Ramayana
She used to spread flowers daily from Shabri Daily and she
She used to bring berries daily for the arrival of Lord Ram.
There are. They don't know when they will arrive and
He did not fail a single day without fail.
I have worked daily. Spread flowers daily.
Daily plums, nice sweet wheels
Keep it. Lay down the dailies and keep sixes. For them
I didn't know when he was going to come. if he
I would have become hopeless that for the last two years I
I am busy. I am doing it daily. two years
It is a very long time. There are 700 days.
700 days of laying and placing flowers on someone's daily
It is unimaginable. And she says, listen, friend.
On the 700th day she says that she cannot do it.
Used to be. I won't. and 700 a day
Pay
God comes there.
But what she did is that fugitive about everything
I don't care if I come or not.
I will do my work until you come and
Till Khaja Bus What Happened Next
We all know that Lord Ram came and he
I also ate false vines, it worked.
So if it worked for her
We found God through this consistency.
How can it be that trading is not available?
How can this happen?
If someone finds God through this consistency
If we can then why can't we get trading
Can it? It is possible but be consistent
Will have to.
Got it? Did you understand? Right? And This Lie
Everywhere. If you are someone
You want to grow something in cheese too, weather it's
Social Media in Any Business Trading Life
You Want to Get Any Job You Want to Crack
Any exam this philosophy remember that is
Very Very Verient
Now what we will do is to calculate the probability
Connecting each dot one by one and then
You will come to know the ultimate truth and you
Will Learn
The Thing. Ok?
Because these things that I am telling you
You will make all these mistakes.
You will do it 110%. That's why I said whenever
If there is any loss, you can contact us through the app.
You will go and revise this class.
Ok? Now we come to the biggest problem.
You have a strategy. You have an approach
And all of your strategies will work somewhere or the other.
She is also doing it. Right?
How to stick to that? Now stick it on
This is how to live when you know that the bicycle is
It is like this. That whatever happened today will happen again tomorrow.
so what does that mean?
Keep spreading flowers daily. I don't know when
God will come. So daily daily your setup
Take your own approach and keep working. Don't know
On which day you will get a reward of 1:10.
Those $27,000 pips I took, I didn't
Knew there was going to be a $27,000 pip.
I didn't know there was $18,000 in it.
I am going to make a profit of Rs. 10000 and I
I didn't even expect it.
I saw my entry at $200. I
I have made the plan. which I had paid a little earlier
I made that little money by taking a little risk
He took the money he had earned earlier and returned it to him.
More risk from in, slightly aggressive risk
I took Rs 25,000, there was a risk in keeping it in it but it
paid from profits
On and on and on and on and on
I have lost Rs 17,000 from here.
It's a big loss, I'm chill
It is a different matter that I posted that on social media.
Not a profit-enjoying video
I made it a loss, so it became a loss guys
Not made of profit
Big profits are made in reverse. make a profit
They come and give it to me and then I sit quietly.
Thand share i need opposite. made a loss
I have. You saw the heavy profit.
You saw the video came on Instagram guys
I've Made One Like $88,000 in Just Four
Hours.
Random
You have seen that video completely
Explaining that look at this profit
Here is the video. You have seen the screenshot.
I Have Put It on Story But I Have Not Me
Video.
Got it. So how did I know?
Didn't know. What did I do? Just flowers
Spread it like a vegetable. That's it. thats
It. So what will you do? That strategy of yours
Whatever is there is like a flower.
You just have to do your work daily. That's it.
No. No, half the Ducati is not gone.
How many Ducatis will fit into $18,000?
1.8 crore. The bike is almost worth Rs 40 lakh. So
4 * 4 = 16 Even if four Ducati come
Money will be saved.
So not a problem.
How to follow a strategy? on that
How to keep it ticking? have you understood
This thing?
Yes
I understood this
Everybody
How to work on One Strategy Pay Tick
Fine, now we come to the second point.
Risk Management at Second Point
You know what risk management is?
It is important how you will follow
You will follow like this
You have seen what happens in the market today.
It happens again tomorrow. The Biggest Question
I don't know when it will happen.
So when you don't know when it will happen, then its
This means you will have to spread flowers daily.
You will have to come to the market daily and
Daily trades will also have to be taken. Mi
Right? And you can take that daily trade.
May your daily journey continue. Its
What will have to be done for this? Capital must be maintained
Near you. And how will the Capitol survive?
From risk management.
Did you understand?
Therefore, risk management is based on probability.
It is completely linked.
Ok? That's how you follow risk management.
Everybody else has to follow, has to follow.
Why do it? So, it has to be done because if
If there is no capital then how can you work on strategy?
Will you be able to survive? You won't be able to stand one.
So to stay in it, daily daily
To take trades, to have more attempts
Risk manager is available for this.
Because if that capital is not left then your
The strategy is of no use. near me
1000 DMs come daily. not 1000 but
10,000 might be coming. If all accounts are found
If it is said that Sir, my strategy is very
Good 90% accuracy working. Risk
I don't have management. very sorry
I don't have capital.
Thousands of messages come.
Ok. Now they feel
that my strategy is very good and I
I will message sir. I will ask for money from the head
Then I will make money. But I know
isn't it that he won't be able to make it even then because
It is not a matter of strategy. Who
It was an important thing, he has already lost it.
So
He Just Has Confidence in Himself
No, yes I will do it very well. But
The Real Thing Lies in Different
Realm. Right? Which he doesn't know yet
Is. So it makes no sense.
Now let's talk about Risk to Revolve. it
It is very important. money because of this
Will be made. Now understand this carefully.
Yes,
You know if one thing happens today, it will happen tomorrow.
It will happen again.
Correct.
Tell me, when will the thing that happened today happen tomorrow?
Do you know?
Don't know. So when you know that the thing that you are today
If it has happened then I don't know when it will happen tomorrow, then what does it mean?
There is only today's chance. of the same trade
There is a chance. The more money you make in this
If you can, make it.
So, when the trade is going in your favor
So sit quietly. because things are
Working for You and Trying to Make Age Much
Reward as Possible.
Understood?
Hence risk to reward is also linked
By probability. Now I don't know that
When will gold crash this much next time?
8% a day I know? Do you know
Is? Nobody knows.
Accept Trump.
Ok? So when I don't know what I do
Could I do it? I just had it in my hand
that the boss market is going up
Continuously, candle after candle after candle
It is being made. So do yourself a favor, don't
Get out. Keep doing your SL trail.
When the market needs to be exited, exit
Will come. Work is done.
SL Trail Trail Trail Trail Trail Trail
Trail. And actually it was more than
$2000 took that retracement to 188. Me
I don't regret making a profit of $2000.
200 was shown
It was around 8000 and now why is it at 188?
Is it cut? No.
I'm just proud of myself that I did that.
Please execute my plan. thats
It.
Did you understand this?
Now You Expect
Now you know not expect now you know that
How does risk reward also depend on probability?
connected because we don't know we
Chill in that hey okay a trade
I am 1:2 now, I will take the next trade.
You never know if it will be 1:2 again.
It will also go 1:2, who knows he might get into it.
He can also go 1 2 no big deal
Yes, but when your trade is running in profit
If yes, then try to juice as much as you can
Without sacrificing much of your capital.
Did you understand? Yes. I realized my mistake today.
Has been. Yes Neeraj. Yes. Ok. Now we risk
You have even received the reward. Now comes Patience
Pay.
Look, these three dots of ours are connected. And
Do you know what the amazing thing is? These three dots
Someone has already connected it. So these three dots
This is enough to make it profitable. Its
Whatever you want after that, you need hard work.
Because daily everything is on social media
It looks different to look at. Dilly Dally at IMDb
Coming with discipline, sitting with the chart open and
Sitting continuously for four hours in front of the screen
Keep looking at the chart in front. hand in hand
Keep it aside and don't take the trade. For this
Guts are required. There is no pudding. Ekad
You will complete the day with enthusiasm but daily
It is not easy to do it. Looks way easy but it
Not easy.
Ok. And since you have no boss here
If it is there then it is even more difficult.
I wish I had taken your class a year ago. Any
No problem Neeraj, there is a saying that it is better late than never.
It is important that it comes out right.
Ok. Ok. Let us understand this now
Came.
Now we come to patience. How to be patient
Is it linked to probability? See
You made a trade today. You exactly like that
Showing the same pattern or the same strategy or
The same structure was seen as before.
It was displayed and you placed a trade at 1:8.
Or did you take a trade of 1:10 in it?
I had taken it for myself and today again you have the same setup
Shown and you executed the trade in it
Di and this time your unfortunately stop
You have suffered a loss and now you have that desire inside you.
money to recover but what do you know
that according to probability what happened today
Yes, it will happen tomorrow also. That means if today this is my
The setup didn't work, this approach worked
have not done
So it is not necessary that it will not work tomorrow also. this tomorrow
could work. So if I know this
could work
So wouldn't it be foolish for me to
Don't even wait and just take a random trade
Put it on something else.
Tell me.
This doesn't seem like something senseless.
that means
stupid yes
Because I have a strategy and I
Have made money before. I got a big reward
Have also taken it. Only this time it didn't work.
What does it mean
that I don't have patience for trading and now
This has not worked. So because I have a loss
Done. I don't like seeing red
Used to be. I don't feel good about that
My capital was $00 and now out of that
$500 is gone. $9500 is showing.
I am not feeling well at all. I
I trade quickly and swiftly
I make money and give it back and maybe
I may have made it before
By hurrying. So that drug is also mine
Inside
Because it is not like that, it must have been a fluke.
Sometimes it might have been a coincidence and once
If it happens then I think it will happen every time. So
I take the trade with this confidence.
It's been 2 hours. Oh my
I also did not actually realize that
It's been 2 hours. My God.
Stop the class right here.
Yes. I Didn't Realize Actually That 2
It's been hours. Trust me. look at this this
So I will post a story today. this then this then
It is a story one. It's a different scene today.
Has gone. This is what happened?
What is this? So guys, today I will wait for a
I will also show you the time. You time
Look, it's April 3rd. It's almost 12:00
Are. Used to start at 10:00. two hours in
It has happened and I have not realized it.
These people have realized how much
The class has been going on for 2 hours. literally did
Felt like that today is over 2 hours. it it
Almost feels like it's barely there right now
It must have been 10-15 minutes. And realize where from
It so happened that someone said, Sir, 2 hours and 10 minutes.
Looks like.
My God.
That's that's that's amazing. This happens
Actually, when you are so interested in learning
Be more interested in teaching someone
It is fun only when there is so much interest. Ok
perfect
Time travel in a course of 15.
What's the matter, what's the matter. Amazing Va Nice
Vai nice. Let's go perfect.
I can hear for two days. a lot means a
Lot. Okay, let's let's let's continue.
With this thing. So where were we? we were
For those with patience. So now if you know
That last time because you have the data
The proper in which your trade was working
So don't wait for him and go straight ahead
It's not foolish to enter without it.
It will happen because the probability is known and you
I know that this happens, only cycles work.
such right
It would seem foolish to trade without a setup.
Take
Right, right?
Because you know the probability. Outside
Everybody says that you trade on your setup
do it. Trade on your strategy. Why
do it? Because you know probability work is like this
She does. You have the proof.
If that had not happened, no one would have been there for a few days.
The strategy will not work. because
Why does the strategy work? whichever comes first
It is still happening today. So like before
We made money today. How the Hell I Got
To know if Bitcoin will fall below 111,000
Will fall. And why did I tweet publicly?
Kara? Because I had the experience. I had
Studied charts. And this has happened before also.
Happened. How the hell I knew that $1 was worth $120 or
Silver could crash from around $10.
And I also got it tweeted. How even in 1980
This is exactly what happened. Reasons were different but emotions
Was same.
That silver is being used in batteries.
Silver so what do you say? Shortage occurred
Silver Key. Silver is in great demand.
Unnecessary Pomo is being created. buy everything
Have been. silver silver silver silver
Silver.
The same thing happened in 1970 also. Silver Silver
Silver is buying all the silver.
Silver went crashing.
50% crashes. What happened just now? 50% crashes.
How the hell I know? tell me first, still
and I just studied I just
Figure It Out That's It
How to Analyze the Stock Market
I'd research I'd try patterns
to study try to do the study and first
The reasons were obviously something else, now the reasons are something else.
And there are more. But sentiments will not change
No. The sentiments will remain the same.
end boom
Saved a lot of my money. I can't imagine
I could have done it with the information I had 204
If she hadn't been there, I swear I would have been so
Time itself was in high spirits, thanks to
Also because of Instagram Reels that the boss is a
If you work with trading then you can make money.
You are doing well and social media is also going well.
Some money is also coming from classes.
SIP SIP SIP SIP SIP
SIP
But when I did research, the data was something else.
He is saying the same thing, the study is saying something else.
Is. Close everything, take out all the money
And sit quietly in the hut. go live,
Enjoy it. Invest in yourself. You
Like some watch by.
What did I do? Not Nifty shares
Bought. I have it right now. But instead
Off putting all money there i boat a good watch.
I just got the news that Crush is coming. I just came
Can use the same money and I can put
In Nifty 50. Nifty 50 is down significantly
Is. But what I will do is
I will gift the same money. I will gift
Card to my mother.
This is brother. I am not discusting you
Yes, for investment. Ok? All I
I'm trying to tell you that she's infected.
How are you helping me? Right? So
Why? Somewhere behind that, I also
There is knowledge of probability. I have
I have understood that to this end
Okay boss, this is the truth.
And that's that's all it works. So now
Does Patience Make Sense? I am
Not saying no no, you should have patience. Don't
Be patient. I'm not telling
Be patient. But does keeping it make sense?
You've become Jim Simons among these 266 humans.
Jim Simons
It can't happen right away
Even if I try so hard until
You won't find good people
You Can't Do the Big Things Alone, Not Possible
Jim Simons is a famous name up there.
But the rest who are with him are six
And there were seven people, nobody knew who they were.
You don't know his name other than Jim
No right but they were the people because of whom
Jim Symes Became Jim Simon Jim Symes Got
Famous Jim Simon was the owner he created
Both the people together did everything on their
on
But these people did miraculous things
And what is their ideology, good
bring people bring people who
That you don't look at the watch. wearing an expensive watch
Don't look at the time on the clock. I don't even see
Am. It's 12:00. I don't.
This class will run at 2:00. I don't care.
If I have a meeting tomorrow at 8:00 am.
I will get up. If I don't have it, I
Don't care. I will wake up at 2:00. which my mind
I will do whatever happens. So basically this ideology
is that get good people who are dedicated,
Have vision, have knowledge and give them freedom.
Because what happens to a person with vision?
No need to push.
My wife tells me that when I said
Not that I am going to give the car to mom.
These. And I said, let's take the car, friend.
I am also liking it. and the car
Have to stay at home. Which one to mom and dad
He has to go to office daily. He is at home
Will remain. Then the car will come. I will give it to them.
He has to go. It will be comfortable for them.
We will just chill too. will roam around and have fun
do. You will enjoy it. A little more would be nice.
I haven't bought a new car for a long time.
Bikes have both a lot. so she said ok
Fine. But she said that first you should do your work on a rooftop.
You will take great care of your health. I
said fine I will I will I will. I said
I only have you guys are also
Obviously you guys are family but apart
From the family I have lots of students
The responsibility of this is also on my shoulders.
Because I know as well as I can explain
The more they will grow. So
This is this is what his mission is. Now what
I am settled.
I only want to touch wood for money
No need to do it. And I am so
Thankful to God that he made things like this
I have given in life that I keep money at my mouth
I can't speak or not. today I have
Let me tell you honestly, how many do I have?
There are offers from professors. a call today
I will do it and my tomorrow will be a prof
Will go.
Just today I got a message saying let's do it. I
I said, "Dude, I'm not interested right now."
Because I know the reality of the proper and
When I know the reality then I will save my people
Why should I throw it there unnecessarily?
student messaged me, look I
I will show you, I will genuinely tell you
Some, some, his mentorship is not working.
I am not spending any money separately right now, that's all.
Everything is over but see what I did
I told him
See for yourself, I'm turning it off.
The screen is visible
Everyone can see the screen because he has money.
make
Don't waste time on good but funded. This
This is what I have told him.
Well, not very, it's very money-consuming.
You are a student so you can message me.
Used to be. No
It was just he got the then things WhatsApp
I used to be quite a lot and then he had
I was the number. So now it's not like I have
More people came or I got more money
If I go, I will block the old people.
Give. No, I don't do that. And obviously
He doesn't have money, that's why he makes funny trades
doing. It is not right that no, no, for her
I have money. He is a very rich student
If yes, then is he connected to me in personal touch or
It cost me a lot, 10-15 lakh rupees.
I have paid 20 lakhs as fees. because of him he
Is connected. Because of that he replies
Is getting it. No, if the fee is Rs 15-20 lakh
He only has that funded account trade
does not. Right? Butt no. it was early
So my belief is that you are like
Be like that. If you
If you change with money then
You don't have a character of your own.
That he should dominate. This is what I believe. Right?
So you should exchange it with money. change
I mean eat well, wear well. Our
Raise your standards and waste less time
do it. Spend time with quality people
do it. There is a vote. But what happened to you in the past
If there was a change in their behavior then there should be a change in their behavior.
No friend, I have become a millionaire. You
Do not talk to me. Right? which funded
Gives the pay out any suggestions Tanish later
I will tell you, let's assume I'm funded, I'm lost now.
I will lose the context
okay okay so let's let's go let's go
uh yes
Yes, don't I get irritated?
I get irritated, that's not true, God.
I am not an idol, I get irritated.
I also get irritated
Right? Samatis
I get lots of messages on WhatsApp and
Students have them sometimes. And someone else
If I see the message and I'm not
In a good thick. Obviously I will not
reply. Right? I am human, everybody does
That. Ok? But it's not because of the money.
It's because I became irritated at that
Point of time. Ok? Fine. now you
Understood patience. Now let's talk
Of Greed.
Okay, tell me one thing, let's try it.
Understand the Greed
if you
Salary is available in the job whatever your
Salary is late, ₹1 lakh my salary to you
Yes, it is available, you know it is available on the 30th
Yes, I get that sorry first one
First of every month to me
If my salary is credited then salary
After the credits
Do you?
You don't follow such companies much.
Pay me again Pay me again
What should I do if my salary comes early?
Whatever I want, my salary should come quickly.
You do this, no, you sit quietly
Because you know that's just the process.
It has to come in the account on a certain date.
Credit will be given on the date the work is completed
You don't use this brain or this greed
You don't bring me here, friend, how can you bring me here?
Get it soon, get it soon, you try this
You will do it if you have a bonus in the company,
Rewards are how I do a good job
So that I can get maximum bonus.
Go. I will find that one person. So you your
You can increase the inputs. That Greed is Good
what should I do so that I can have a little
Increased rewards
But you don't bring such greed within yourself.
No, no friend, this time I will not get 20
Salary should be received on the same date. on the 20th
I should get it. instead of one. You don't do this.
Because you know that if I tell you then you
It might seem foolish to hear this.
So when there's stupidity there, there's stupidity here.
Why do we do it?
Here's why we show Greed because
What does Grid mean if you invest ₹1000
If you have made 10,000 then why not make 10,000
Take risk and make 1 lakh
And let me show you this. right now my
I have good capital nearby. Look at the bandage
See.
Look at the buntage.
Both of these algorithms are currently being tested.
Are. Ok? In one you will see 1
Lakh US. 1 lakh basically whatever
I'm working on the algorithm now.
He needs fixed numbers. So either $1
You can deposit one lakh or you can deposit ₹1 lakh US.
So there are 100 USD in $1. Saints
Which is called. Ok? US Dollar Cents.
So one is ₹1 lakh and the one below is ₹66,000. Who
It is ₹66,000, it was actually ₹0000.
Increased from 50,000 to 66 within 3 days
Is. And the one you see above is
There is a profit of ₹900. It just started yesterday
Is. So yesterday it made ₹900. Correct
Is? Now I can even put $100,000 into it.
Could have done. You either have to deposit $100,000 or
So $50,000 has to be put up. Ok? But
Why should I put it? I did not put it in there.
Don't I have it? I have it. But
Why did I put it? Because I got Rs 1 lakh
Don't take risks. Right now this testing fuzz
is in. What if something goes wrong with me tomorrow?
Don't know. And what about because of that mess?
I know I might lose all my capital. anyway
He won't even listen to me. I am sleeping
Hoon Ye Tuck Tray Trade Tray Tray Trade and
The work is done. You must have seen the story
How orders are placed. in a day
1500 1600 2000 3000 orders going out.
Which is beyond human capability.
Right? So
Greed, I need money and I want it
that I should put down $100,000 and pay for the entire car.
I should take it out from here because I don't want to give it to you.
Where does the meaning of hard work lie?
I've been thinking a lot about charts,
You have done the analysis, you have racked your brains a lot,
You have a headache, your eyes are watery all night long.
You have burnt it, I don't want that money
spend. So I want this algo
May it become mine. But still he is greedy
I am not taking my chances in this affair.
I will go upstairs. Got it got it understood
Technically speaking, that's a complete 180.
1 lakh could have put up $1 lakh USD
It looks like I could have put a dollar there and
It was down to $150, but I don't know.
That my next trade of Rs 150 will come in less.
Going to do. Who knows where the losing stick might come from?
And now 17,000 is gone. 17-17,000
Who knows, there might be 10 stop losses here.
However, when the 17th birthday comes, I will
I will automatically reduce the quality further if
17-17 means if it goes around 3040 then
Either trading is stopped for 1 month or
Then come to the call trade.
1000 1200 1500 800 900 Taking such risks
Is. That's it. I always lose myself. But
Do you know what I call myself?
I lower it and my losing stream will end.
No, no.
So that's how I have managed my greed.
So I will do it like this.
Ok? This did not happen, but with me
Can. I prepare for the worst
Am. So in the worst case scenario, if this happens
Everything will be fine. ₹1.5 lakh worst
All the capital was lost in the case. ₹1.5. Lakh
It doesn't matter if you go away. add it again
Will take. And I Can Again Restart and Re
And I did new twigs in the algo in that
Can Again Continue. Another $500,000 risk
You can take it.
10 times when my Capitol blows up then my 15
There would be a loss of Rs. 1 lakh which is $1,000.
I can do bare.
I will do it, that's why. Did you understand?
So in this way because I know today what
What has happened will happen again tomorrow. And this
Understanding gives me control over greed
She gives it. So we also down and
Dusted it off. Ok? The grid is also over
Down Dusted. Patience problem is over.
Down Dusted Risk Reward Down Dusted
Risk Management: A Strategy Dusted Down
Pay work down dusted okay fomo is
Let's go to FOMO
now you tell me that
from lats
You are going to Dubai tomorrow.
you get a chance or some of you
He might be in Dubai. If you had to go to Dubai tomorrow
get a chance to go and those who are in Dubai
If you are already there then let us assume that you
Tomorrow
Are you getting a chance to go to Switzerland?
Anywhere and pretty much whatever your dream destination is
You are getting a chance to go there and you
You have reached there and your journey there
guide or whoever gave you this opportunity or
God himself came to you and said, son, this
This is your last week in Dubai.
Ok? I will never come to Dubai after this.
Never in your life or whatever your dream
The destination is there and you are there. After that you
You will never be able to reach that destination. So
What will you do? try to enjoy yourself
Will you do it? You will make 1000 videos. phone sun
If it gets filled then you will buy a new phone there and
You will make videos and take pictures, lots of fun.
Will you do it? And whatever you do every week
You can do that and enjoy yourself there.
Am I right for?
Am I right?
But if I speak to you
I am giving you my Emirates ID in Dubai.
of. Now the paths are open for you. When
Come if you want to come. Go when it is forbidden. Stay
Chill out freely. There is no tension. You
You are half the residents here. because your
Have Emirates ID nearby. are you now
You will do as much formo as you did before
Was? in the last week
You will sit and chill. in the last week
Who knows, if you want to go, you won't say anything.
I saved up money and went to first class.
I will go because I don't know when I'll get another chance.
will get. Now I will not go at all. But
You know that you will say it again and again.
Dude, it's only a 2 hour flight for 3 hours.
Four take the 3-hour economy. What
You are wasting money unnecessarily.
I am going alone. The work will go on. You
You will be chill. Bus
This is the understanding in my mind when
It comes to FOMO.
Ok. Is there any understanding? I am a
I am a trader.
I have given 10-11 years here.
And I have to give another 4050 years.
40 years means one year means 365
Days 10 years means 3650
Days
And 30 years means roughly 10 thousand
I have to give days to this market here.
And 10,000 days means endless.
Candles, Endless EMA Crossovers, Endless
Strategy
Endless Opportunities
Endless Opportunities.
So If I Have Endless Opportunities
So why should I be afraid? It will happen
Why? I will sit like this.
Ok? As
When silver crashed 32% in a day
Did I make a lot of money then? No
Only $000 That's it.
I didn’t make $18,000 then. no not then
Made $18,000
Whereas technically I should have pushed.
because the last
When has it happened in 50 years that silver and
Gold fell 30% in a day. when has it happened
As such? The history of the last 50 years did not happen
In.
Right? So is it necessary to form or not?
Could it?
But I didn't.
Because I was trading intraday.
And I know if you make $50 intraday today
Even if the momentum comes in gold or
Even if gold gains $500 of momentum, tomorrow
Phir aa jayega and guess what tomorrow came again
There Was Another Day When Gold Was Down Here
Much 7% Silver Was Down How Much 14%
And then we took a long train at 4200.
Position and we made $27,000 pence
There is a movement of $7 just from this in intraday
I can't even capture it anymore
more than this
That Was Limit Peak
Got it understood
If I had done FOMO that day, maybe that day
Because of FOMO, I
This moment of mine, maybe it will never happen
I can't find it. Who knows the forms of that day
I would have blown up the Capitol and sat down.
And let me tell you one more amazing thing. When I
I had planned the trade then it was in my account.
Just $10
It was only there.
and $40,000
I have made $18,000 on my account.
More than 100% but I will not take the risk either
It was around 25,000, around 25 to 28
of which 22 I think around 18
I even saw a floating loss of up to
Loss. But I was like, 25 will go then I
Will cut. Why? Because before that I
had formed in the scalp and you saw
That one too which I made in 25
He said, now you have made 1 lakh out of 1 lakh.
We take a risk of 25%, even if it goes, no one will
It doesn't matter, I am saying it was 25 to 28 or 30.
Even if it happens, it doesn't matter, at least for me
Near me 70 then bachata which is very very very
Good but then what has happened boom that
also worked okay so that's why this
FOMO is in control right now, why am I chill?
I lost it just a couple of days ago
Around $28,000 It Is Absolutely Fine.
There is no FOMO. Who knows what will happen tomorrow again
Momentum should come like this and only four, five, six
I should get it again in the same lot for $88,000
Because now my calculations are in my mind
It has been set. Do you know what? from lots
27,000 Pips or YouTube's Jo Jo Stream
2700 pips in their language
And You're Sorted $88,000
So if I just do it half
3.5 lots
$900 Profit 3.5 Lots Guys 3.5 Lots
Four 4 Hours $270 Move $93000
$10 million almost
This is the calculation, so why should I risk it now?
Why should I take more foam and chill unnecessarily?
I will stay for such a golden opportunity
I will wait where I can be sure of the shot.
Now when will I tell you when the show can be shot?
I suppose I have only one more account
Only
I have $120 lying around. Ok? Ok.
Although it is not just that, still I respect you.
Let's go, I have $120 lying around. 15 20
Guys tell me I have three lots for $2000
Can I take it or not? three lots
Three of Gold
I can take it. Ok? Some day it so happened that
Gold has crashed and is down
around 25%
So this is a complete dead end or not.
Went? Gold will not become zero.
And as the market is moving this can
Happen and this is very likely. so me
What would you need? I Just
Need a move to $270.
That's it. three lots
What else will happen? $152,000 in a single trade
I will be at around $1 million
With Just Three 3.5 Lots
So why do I do FOMO? Why should I
What do the little ones say? in trade
Being aggressive and not controlling yourself
After keeping it and showing the FOMO, hey, I miss the market.
It will happen. Market opportunity ran out
Will go. Why should I show FOMO? does it make
Sense?
What do you think? Does it make sense? It
Doesn't make sense? That will seem stupid to you now.
Now you too will actually find that stupid.
Because I feel it too.
ok now
Let's move on to the last thing.
The Last Thing Which Is Not Quitting. You this
But look, even this is down and dusted.
Ok? Sticking to a strategy.
Probability destroyed it. Risk
Managing Probability Killed Risk
Reward probability killed this too
Patience Probability Killed
Greed Probability Killed FOMO
Probability killed. Now comes the turn of the knot
Quitting. You are not getting success now.
Currently in trading.
How do you convince yourself not to?
Hey boss, I don't want to quit. Me
Have to keep it going. Ok? A student is not
Exactly a student, but there is one guy.
I will not reveal his name but his account
In
The Instagram account itself has 366,000 followers.
I will not tell you my followers, otherwise you can go and DM me.
You will do it quickly and go and settle your account.
in his videos it's okay and he'll say that
Hey sir told me what I wanted but he has 3600
He has a lot of followers and a strong following in the industry.
People know all about this Abhishekkar and this
Everybody knows this, everybody knows this
He also knows this understanding
Most of them because 3 lakh 60 thousand followers
Being less is not a small thing, it is a big thing.
It happens but he was not comfortable with it
Anyone of that i DMed me and me
He inspired me to do some things and that
It worked well for him and what
Did I tell you the first thing he said to me?
Seeing this he started thinking that the boss
I can only work, the rest is left to God.
and let's go to God
Let's go to God.
Went to God. Start working.
You have formed your mindset, right? Have a Surrender Mindset
Gaya that surrender bo to you. Now It's All On
Your hand. Now I can just work.
I don't have anything else. I have understood
I am this thing. Things Started Matching
Working for Him. And that is eight from zero.
Now 36,000 followers. So he asked me that
Bhaiya sometimes I make money but I also lose
money. And what should I pay for trading?
You should remain consistent right now because of all these
Influencers also speak a lot here.
that when you have so many followers
You should find other ways to make money.
Why You're Stuck in Trading Not Only
It's not Kumar Mangal
So why are you stinging? I told him someone
It's obvious that you have grown over
audience and you can also go like this and there
There is no point but if you want big money
Have to make it. And if you want to do something
Because scalable then trading is
There. One Thing
Ok. I asked how much will you earn?
I said the referral will come. I said how much
Will you earn from referrals? 1 crore, 2 crore,
5 crore, 10 crore. You will earn 50 crores.
Suppose you bring a lot of users
By referral, by doing a class and what do you say?
WhatsApp removed courses after courses
How much will you earn and what will you spend in classes?
No one will join unless you value
You will not give it to the people, no one has it
so much useless money
Yes, what do I say myself? Some stuff.
When I buy it, I check it 10 times.
I want to buy a car, I know from tomorrow
I will watch at least 100 videos.
Which one should I take for reviews, which one should I take, which one?
I will take
Okay, now you guys don't guess what you guess.
You have to keep guessing but I am explaining.
try to understand what
So I said sir my eyes have opened, my third eye has opened
My fine is over, I will continue with this
thing okay so what is the situation now that
look carefully
You know a simple thing about this
Formula that more attempts
Meaning high chances of success, then you will be successful.
Don't run after your attempts
Run. Increase your attempts.
So what happens when we
Run towards attempts
So we are not attached to the result at all.
Is. And when will that success come and sit with us?
It goes away and I don't even realize it.
When I started my Instagram journey
Was.
Then
I still remember what I
It is said that a sticker was put on the room at home.
I wrote in it 1 lakh 1 lakh followers.
If I reach my last because in 2023
Because I had no knowledge
Instagram came for me and
I am sure there are many people like this for you too.
Those who also have accounts on Instagram
1 lakh followers is a big thing. very big
It was a big deal for me as well.
One lakh followers and that was my target for the year
You are understanding the meaning till the end, I also know
I didn't know what to do, how to do it
All I had to do was educate myself.
What I did not get, I give to the people
If you want to try to give then some revolution
He will come into the industry or else he will not be able to come.
I kept doing it, the amazing thing is this happened 3
months and when I started I never
Thought of my followers growing
I am not there because honestly time is
That time you might have seen one
There was an office, there was a green sofa, I came in it.
Used to sit in an office, meaning it was decent.
The office was not very big but a decent one.
Was
And when I went there, some of my colleagues were also there.
We used to sit and discuss because it was real.
There is a lot of such things in trading, my brother.
What social media was there at that time that I
that everything there should be absolutely grand and fancy
Needed
Right? I was there at that time. So at that time we
Peacocks live on the practical side. So
What is actually needed on the practical side
It happens? A laptop, internet connection,
Ination A Good Place to Sit. That's it. That
We had all that. The office was nice
Whenever I wanted tea or coffee, I got it.
We used to sit next to the tracks and discuss
Of. And that's where I started making
Videos.
Ok? That's later when I knew you thought
So what is my aim that whatever work I do
Whatever you are doing, do it well. you should
Justify it. Don't do such work
Needed I am taking the class right now. at night
I don't have any assistants until 11:00.
I will sit here and come myself. Camera
I do the setup. Right? To myself. Eye Set Up
All these lights and all everything. Because I
I want that if you are doing some work then it is good
Should be. It makes me feel good. It's
Not just for you or not, yes you have high
Quality video should be visible. You have high
Quality sound should come from the mic. I
Just by wearing headphones and these AirPods and
I can do the camera.
But I don't do that way. so same attitude
Mine is also about my work. any work
Be it trade or any other work.
Because I stopped expecting results.
Is done. All I know is that boss, how much you made
You are living and you know that I have an AI
I should get very, very good people.
Very very good people very high quality
People, that is possible only through classes. So I
I will continue to do at least the class until
My that my that search completely
It does not get completed.
Even after that the classes were not closed.
Must be. Yes, the one that I have right now
It is a frequent process, not that
Will remain. Then obviously a lot of assistants
Teachers are going to be there, they will teach.
I sometimes come once a week and do a class.
Di good c that's it that will happen. Other
Then there will be no regular assessments. Right? So
What you learn from this is that every
Failure is a failure for you, that is
Jin, what are you doing? You are not working.
Are you? It is not working. But how do I
Am I watching? Well, one attempt was done.
Nice two attempts done, nice three attempts done
Nice four turned nice five turned nice six
Done nice everything is making me
close to that
ok i'm still trying
I just sent some of my students to Capital
He made a loss to trade
I Don't See It As A Loss
Right because he first taught me a lot
I showed confidence but then when I gave them
So they lost it brother or the team that is there now
Members are give all a good give all very good
That's why he is in the team but not that much fire
No one has as much fire in them as I do.
Nobody has nobody has that fire
Okay, so now there's no that fire.
So should I take it and take the loss, it's done
Done no no I am not taking it easy
A loss I'm not taking as a demotivation
No, I'm taking it easy on this face.
It is happening. As the face is passing by,
I'm Getting Closer and Closer Closer to
My Main Dream
Which is to open each fund and then open a
University type class where
People can come based on their skills and this
Some?
All right. So
that's a thing
If you have to stay in a Not Quitting Ate
So you will have to think like this too. If
If you think like this then things will turn
around and it won't come to your mind to quit
The scene to do. It will all be fine with
Every rejection with every loss
After blowing the capital once, you will
The number of attempts you pass
Going. But on this matter we also
Keep in mind that capital is limited. Money
Limited. So our capital is limited
So, we have to do something like this
Our attempts within limited capital
More came out. Risk management for
Follow me. Ok? And with that said if you
See that not quitting attitude, this
Is also down and tasted.
End Your Whole Trading
Your Whole Trading
is relaying around this world
This World
Your entire trading
is this world
which is
Now if you also watch the last live class
If you go there you will see that it is so good
There is no explanation from this but when I try
Trying to Match Both Lectures
The concept is the same but just try to match both
The Lectures
Okay, yes, this is the most important.
Class This is the most important class
now you know the truth now
Now up now up now up one last time how are we
Going to end this thing.
yes this is better every time i try it too
Push push. So now the last thing if all this
After knowing something
Now the question arises that you are not following
You can do it. OK with lattes? Ok?
Words have scenarios. so much everything
Even after knowing
Can't follow
So what will be the solution? For him
What will be the solution? Understand.
It is exactly like that
If we do not follow despite knowing everything
If you are, then give
You will reach a decision at the end because I
I don't want this class to be your last.
There should be a class. After this you
Join more classes for improvement
do it. If someone else is teaching you something and
Looks like for example some order flow
I am teaching for example right now
Order flow in not so simple terms
I have been able to break it but suppose someone else
Ever teaching order flow and giving you style
I feel like I need to learn this thing.
You are most welcome, go and learn, no problem.
No, but you are in someone else's class.
You should not join a course just because of
That friend, he has a so-called secret
I have a strategy and I can become profitable with it.
I will go, this has to be your last class.
Even after understanding all this, if you follow
You are not able to do it. So there will be two
Things.
One and two. There will be two things. First
The thing is, you're stupid.
The first thing is that you are stupid. if you
Even after knowing all this, do not follow
You are getting it. The Moment You Do It. anytime you
If you make a mistake like this, then blame yourself.
Just say stupid, that I am stupid.
Ok? Got it? And you out of stupidity
How can you come?
By not repeating that stupidity again.
At least the stupidity you did last time
Don't do that.
Are you getting my point? Everybody
What will happen with this? You once stupidity
Will you do it? But because you need self-awakening
Yes, it is self-realization that that stupidity
I am doing it. I'm Stupid. So you are a
You will do stupidity.
You won't do that stupidity again. yes
He might do some different type of stupidity.
There are three or four types of stupidity when you
If you do it, you will eventually get fixed.
The first thing that will happen to you is this. Ok?
Did you understand? And does it make sense?
Suppose today I follow risk management
Not done and simple to understand. Today
I did not follow risk management. So
Tomorrow I am following Risk Management.
Maybe tomorrow I will not achieve risk reward.
You may have followed. She is also a type
There is stability. But at least I've
The mistake has been corrected. I risk
I am following the management. Now
The day before yesterday I also followed risk to reward.
Took.
Then maybe I don't have patience.
kept. I acted in haste. So now give them
Stability has been fixed. This is a new
There is a type of stupidity. So by doing this
If you do three or four stability, you
Finally you will reach a fixed stage.
This is the first scenario that will happen to you. seconds
The scenario that will happen to you is that you
He did the same stupidity as before.
You are doing stupidity again.
Up to two times is accepted. same stupidity
You are doing it for the third time also.
You can not be a trader.
After this much knowledge, if you do the same stupidity
Doing it three times, then trading might not
B for you.
Then trading is not for you. It is possible
Trading is not for you.
