So early in the morning at 7 o clock lecture
 
for you where we will understand how to take
high probability trade using EMA, the same
strategy in EMA which you have
learnt till now in all the lectures, using the same
we can understand how to take high probability trade, let us
go straight to my screen in detail, let us
first understand what is high probability trade.
High probability trade
means where my chances of making profit are
higher first of all.  More
chances are there.  That is the first thing
in high probability trades.  And the second thing is that
your risk reward is already looking quite high.
1 4 1:5 1:7 By doing this.
All right.  So only two things have to be kept in mind.
First, more confirmations give you
more conviction.  Because you have not
just one but two-three data points.
Where you have high probability.
If you are using it only in M ​​then
it is fine.  It Works Still.
According to probability theory, it is 50%
but with more data points,
you will have more confidence and the probability of that trade working is
higher.  That is why it is
called a high probability trade.  Now
how will you do this?  Look at the screen.  For this
you have to learn basic support and resistance.  If
you already know support resistance then
it is good.  If you don't know,
I have uploaded a free video on YouTube, go and
watch it.  And going forward, you will get to see its advanced version
in the upcoming courses.
But in short, if you
watch the YouTube video, that is enough.  A high
probability trade means that
I could be looking at a long setup from the latency to the EMA right now.
Why?
Because right now the price is getting compressed in this particular area.  There
is compression and
what comes after compression?  Expansion
comes.  Where can we expect expansion
?  When the market moves upwards from here.
Correct?  Now
how will its probability be high?  Now let us
shift to the one hour time frame.  So
basically whatever our entry time
frame is, keeping the entry aside, we were
entering in 5 minutes.  Apart from that we have to
go in one hour time frame.  Ok?
If we are trading crypto currency
then you should give preference to four hour time frame
because it works 24 hours.
Indian market, US market or other
stock markets run only for 6
hours.  Ok?  Now what you have to look at is to
see if
you can see any support area here.  Currently there is no
strong support zone in this entire area.
All right.  This was the gap, it has been filled.
Here the price has consolidated a bit
and then moved up from there.  I
hope you are understanding now.
This hole area is where I have drawn the zone.  Above this you will see that the
price remained here for 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 hours
and after this the next
day gap up opened and continued again.
This means that this is somewhere an OK/OK zone
and you will see that the market is
trying to reverse from this very point.
So in these shorts I have looked at the support of the price
and there
we got an extra confirmation on the 1 hour time frame.
Now I am more interested in entering long in the 5 minute time frame.
Now in case this breaks
then where will the next support area be?
If we apply the concept of support becoming resistance,
it will be on this area
zone.  Correct?  And then if this breaks then there will be this
zone.
Which is the best zone among these?  If we
look at the current technical situation then this is also true.
But if the current support breaks
then I will be more interested in the lower support.
I will
not give much importance to this.  Alright that's our order
block area.  Now if the price reaches here then
you already have the confirmation in the one hour time frame
that the one hour
order is blocked zone.  Strong support
methods will work.  From there, a price
reversal is expected in a good manner.
All right.  Then if after that we
go to 5 minutes time frame and if
we are getting long entry there then we have
two confirmations.  This means that now the
probability of this trade working has increased.
Because we have gone into higher time frames and
understood, analyzed and
found reasons why the price will go up from there.  In the
same way,
you can see trend lines etc. from this, then
maybe if you draw from here, the trend
line is also coming.  Like how do I see the
trend line, if I take the
first, second, third point from here, something like this,
then what do I see right now?
A trap entry of the trend line can be formed here.
Third Rule Strategy is also one of the next.
Ok?  You will get to see it further as well.
But in short, this is taking a high probability
trade.  Whatever we are doing with EMA, it is
₹5 and it remains the same.  But on bigger time
frames or higher time frames, we have to
find more confirmations
so that we can be more confident that
yes, we have a valid point.
EMA has shown us long entry but
not yet in 5 minutes.  Let's have
shown us there is compression and
we have seen the whole thing.  Apart from that, I checked on one hour time
frame.  Oho this
is strong support too.  perfect.  Then after that I
looked at the trend line.  The trend line is
perfect.  So the more confirmations there are, the
higher the probability of that trade.
Usually, if there are three confirmations
in a particular trade,
it means that it is a very good high
probability trade.  Alright, so you
can keep this rule: three confirmations means it is
a high probability trade.  Ok?  Now,
if I assume that
I am getting a long entry near the resistance, then
I would like to avoid it a little.  Correct?
Because that is not a high probability trade.
Because usually the
market falls near the resistance and I am going long in 5 minutes
because of the EMA.  So this
means that the chances of his trade working are
even lower than what it normally would be.  Because the
price actually falls to the resistance
and the EMA is giving me a long entry.  In
this way you can identify
high probability trades.  High
probability requires a little more effort
but then you get good results.
That's why its name
is High Probability.  There are high percentage chances of it
going in your favor.  And that's it.  Let's
watch lecture nine now.
In lecture nine you will understand exactly
how to do it in intraday and scalping.
Both
are different lectures.  Scalping in 9,
Intraday in 10 and we will understand the
perspective.  Let's go.
