Today guys, I want to show you the
 
easiest sculping strategy that I use
every single day in the forex markets
because it's fast, easy, and it actually
works whether you're scalping or let's
say day trading. And when I say that
this scalping strategy is so easy and
yet damn profitable, take a look at
these results where nine out of 10
trades that I took hit my take-profit
target. So, if you ever try to scalp the
markets with an overly complicated
trading strategy, look no further
because this scalping strategy can
actually help you become consistently
profitable in the forex market. So, this
scalping strategy uses just two moving
averages. And even though they do lag, I
will show you my personal way on how to
filter out the bad trades and find
highly profitable ones so you can scalp
the markets, you know, daily with the
full confidence. Okay guys, so before I
show you this easy scalping trading
strategy, let's quickly clear it up what
scalping really means in day trading. So
scalping is pretty much when you are
trading on a very low time frame charts
like the one minute or five minute
charts and the markets moves fast and
you are quickly in and out of the
trades, you know, grabbing small but
consistent profits multiple times daily.
And it's essentially faster like a
short-term form of day trading because
well, you are taking advantage of quick
momentum moves in the forex market. But
it's definitely not the same as swing
trading or long-term investing because
scalping is all about momentum and
precision. So you're never aiming to
catch the whole, you know, market trend.
Instead, you are just targeting the most
cleanest and easiest part of the move to
trying to profit from. Okay, guys. So
with that being said, let's jump into
the actual trading tools of this
sculping strategy and we will use two
simple indicators. So the first one will
be the 50 period simple moving average
and the second one will be 200 period
simple moving average. That's it. It's
very simple and easy. Now these two
moving averages act as your main
sculping guide. So the 50 simple moving
average shows you the shortterm momentum
while the 200 SMA indicates the
longerterm direction of the forex
market. So when the 50 SMA is below the
200 SMA we are in a bearish trend. And
when the 50 SMA is above the 200 SMA, we
are in a bullish trend. So, I personally
like to use the 1 minute, 5 minute, and
15inut charts to establish a clear
trading bias before I even start
sculping the markets daily. But later in
this video, I will actually show you how
exactly I combine these two moving
averages with supply and demand zones to
filter out those bad trades and you know
increase profitability in my scalping
trading strategy. Okay, so moving on.
How do we identify the scalping setup to
trigger our first trade? So once we have
both moving averages on our chart, our
goal is very simple. What we have to do
is to wait for the price to move sharply
away from these moving averages. Now
this sharp move is what we call an
impulse move. So after the market makes
a clear impulse leg, I then wait
patiently for the price to pull back
toward the 50 SMA line. Now, in a strong
trending market, this pullback usually
retraces around 25 to 50% of that
initial impulse move. And this zone
right at the retracement back toward the
impulse candlestick and the 50 SMA is
exactly where high probability scalping
trades live. Now, this quick retracement
is an easy entry zone for your daily
scalping strategy because nine out of 10
times the market will give you a very
small bounce or let's say a pop right at
these levels. And the reason why it's so
profitable is because we are also using
supply and demand on top of the two
moving averages. And I will show you how
it all works in a real-time example
right now. So now that you understand
the essence of the sculping trading
strategy, let's just jump straight into
the real-time example so you can fully
grasp it because as we know trading has
a lot of nuances and nothing is ever
textbook perfect. So listen up
carefully. Okay. So this is Euro USD on
a 15minut time frame and our only goal
here is to clearly identify whether the
moving averages show a bullish or
bearish trend. Now, as you can see in
this scenario, the trend is clearly
bullish, which is perfect because the 50
SMA is on top of the 200. Next, we go
down to the fiveminut time frame. And on
the 5minut time frame, your goal here is
to identify your potential entry zone.
And in this case, we can clearly see
that the market has recently formed a
fresh demand level right over here. So
what we do is we simply wait patiently
for the price to retrace back to this
demand zone before we even thinking
about scalping a trade. And as you can
see the price has now touched our 5minut
demand zone. And since this zone is
fresh meaning it has been never tested
before it gives us an even higher
probability of a profitable price
bounce. And if we want to quickly
measure how deep the pullback is, we can
see that it's right in that ideal 40 to
50% retracement area. And I would say
that that's the perfect entry area for
our sculpt trade. So now we have to
quickly drop to the 1 minute time frame
to refine our entry even further and
confirm the momentum. Now guys, please
keep this in mind that with this
scalping trading strategy, the 50 and
200 SMA lines don't necessarily need to
physically touch the candlesticks
because we primarily trading the
pullback into supply and demand zones.
And these moving averages, they just
simply gives us an extra layer of
confluence and clarity of the market
direction. So now I would say that we
would confidently enter the trade
expecting a very clear bounce from our
demand zone and I would enter just on
this bearish candlestick bouncing from
the 50 moving average. Now when it comes
to your stop loss we want to cover the
full demand zone plus you want to add an
additional 33% buffer so we don't get
stopped out prematurely. Now in this
case the demand zone is around 6 pips.
So plus 32% that would be around two
pips. So this would leave us with a stop
loss of 8 pips. And for our takerit we
want to target the previous high. So in
this case would be just around this
level which also aligns perfectly with
our supply zone. So just like that and
I'm going to make it red. And in my
trading experience using the scalping
trading strategy, this just makes the
easiest and the most logical place to
secure your money. So to quickly recap
our scalping strategy right over here,
we have the 15minut chart for the
overall market direction. We have five
minute chart to spot the demand zones
because well the market is bullish. You
want to bounce from the demand. If that
would be a bearish then you would look
for a supply for you know the bounce
from the supply and you want to go down.
And then we have the one minute chart
for precise entry timing for our trade.
So now if we just go ahead and play the
replay tool on, as you can see, the
trade has beautifully hit my takerit
target simply because it's a bounce from
a demand zone that was never touched.
It's a fresh zone. And of course, we
also have the 50 SMA line to back it up.
And you know when I said earlier on that
there's nothing textbook perfect. And I
will show you in a moment how to filter
out a bad trades, but this Euro USD
trade was just textbook perfect. God
damn it. And my fingers were itchy to
press the buy button because everything
aligned so perfectly. So I did. I ended
up making a lot of money from this trade
actually. But this is the trade that you
can actually guys replicate it and use
daily to make consistent money in the
forex market if you wish to of course.
Now guys listen up because if you want
to become a consistently profitable
scalper or trader, day trader, swing
trader, any trader at all, you
absolutely need to know how to filter
out your trades because with this
particular scalping strategy, you don't
want to take every single pullback in
the market. Now, you must avoid taking
trades when the 50 and 200 SMA lines,
especially on the 15minut time frame,
are flat as a pancake or tangled.
Because when these two moving averages
are flat or they crossing back and
forth, it means the market has no clear
direction or momentum. So, something
like this is exactly what I would avoid
and you should avoid too. Now, another
easy way I filter trades daily is by
using supply and demand zones. So
sometimes I just prefer setups where
there is five minute demand zone inside
a larger 15minut demand zone. So for
example, this is GBPUSD on a 15-minut
time frame and I already see a strong
demand zone right over here. Going to
make it yellow. No, no, no yellow. Yeah.
So here we go. We're going to call it
this big brother because well it's on a
15minut time frame. Now if I go to the
5m minute time frame, I can already see
another demand zone. So this would be
just around here and this would be 5
minute demand zone and we're going to
call it a small brother. So what I'm
trying to tell you that this clear
alignment of multiple time frames shows
a very strong institutional momentum at
that zone and it's not just a random
market noise. What it does is just
simply gives me a far more confidence
that the scalp trade will likely hit my
profit target and become profitable. And
this would be a perfect trading example
of how combining supply and demand zones
with the moving averages can
dramatically improve your scalping
results. I would say that scalping is
truly one of the easiest and fastest
ways to build a confidence as a trader.
But of course, remember guys that it
also demands discipline and focus daily.
What I would suggest you to do is to
stick to your trading rules. Don't chase
every single move in the market and
always manage your risk accordingly. So
once you consistently apply this simple
yet powerful moving average sculping
trading strategy along with the supply
and demand, you will quickly realize
that how profitable easy trading can
actually be. So if you found this
sculping strategy helpful, make sure to
leave a like and a comment down below.
And I also invite every single one of
you to join my Forex signals group.
There will be a first link in my
description box down below. And if you
want to continue to improve your trading
and of course boost your profitability,
then I highly recommend watching this
video next right over here to further
progress as a trader. But for now, thank
you very much for watching and I will
catch you in the next one. My
