Hello friends, this is the second part. I'm going to
 
upload it after a while, but I could
n't find the time, and a lot of things come up. So
finally, in fact, I'm recording right now.
You'll see, it's almost 2:00 AM right now,
and
I'm making the second part for you.
Where you'll understand the types of trading.
If you really want to master trading,
what steps should
you take? What road map should you follow?
And I'll decode it very thoroughly. Okay,
learning and understanding trading is a long
process. You know,
you can't learn everything in one day.
It requires patience. It requires
time. It requires effort. Okay,
first, what we do is
revise a little what we learned last time so that
you can stay connected to it.
After that, you'll
start this part. But still, I would
suggest that if you haven't
seen the first part, then go and watch the first part. Because
this second part, I wo
n't go into much detail about the first part.
I just gave a small summary right now, actually this
class was going on, it is the
September class which is still going on, okay anyway,
in the first part we
explained about types of market kids because it is
very important as a beginner, as a
person who does not know anything, he should understand
that okay, what are the types of market
available, people remain confused about
what is crypto market, how does
forex market work, you know stock
market, so I explained that, after that I
explained about its segments and
in the segments basically futures options, all these
things, if you want me to
explain all those segments in detail,
like explain futures in detail,
explain options in detail,
explain shares in detail, then I will do that too,
okay, but right now our agenda is
not to understand the main stock market, but to
understand trading, okay, how to do trading, so
we are taking that, now if
we talk about trading in this second part,
so there are two types of trading  There are
two ways in which you place a trade: first long and second short.
Long position means whenever
you buy something at a lower
price and sell it at a higher
price, that is called a long
position. For example, suppose you
bought something for ₹ and sold it for ₹, then
your profit is ₹10. What happens in short position?
As an investor, you can only go long.
People usually
think that we just have to take a long position.
In trading, one is long and the second one is
short. Now, what is a short position? Many people might already
know, I know already, but
still, many people who do not know, there are different people who have
different IQs. Short means
if we ever feel that a particular
stock or something will go down, we can take a
position there. This means we
can make money in a falling market. So,
specifically, short means we sell at a higher
price and we buy at a lower price.
For example, you sold something for 20 rupees.  The
price is also moving towards Rs. If the price comes
from Rs. then you will make a profit.
These are the two ways in which we trade
in the market. Long position and short position.
Okay, this is the first thing you should know.
Now, to understand overall trading and to
master it, there is a term called
technical
analysis. Now we will understand what technical analysis is
in detail. After that, I will
explain it to you. Okay, now
before using this term technical analysis, if you
think that no, because nowadays many things are being
said by someone, some work is done, some are saying
some work is done, so much
confusion has been created in the market because every
person wants to tell you that I
am God, whatever I tell, that is what happens
in the market, the way I am trading, the
agenda with which I am going, the
market behaves accordingly. Okay, so that is why
when we
saw videos of some person who is following the trend line, he would
say, hey man, only the trend line
works, everything else is useless. We
saw videos of some person who is following SMC.  Yes, hey friend,
SMC works, everything else is
useless. We have
seen the video of such a person, he is working on demand supply,
demand supply, okay, everything else is useless, we
create our own perception. Now
if I tell you straight forward, there are two
things, first, if the person is telling you that he is God, whatever he
says happens, he is
stupid and second, the viewers are
stupid, okay, those who believe him, no,
yes, he is just God, he is amazing. Now
why am I saying this, you can get an edit for this
also, but it is so
because when it comes to trading,
here if I have to summarize in two lines, then the
first line will be everything works
and nothing
works. Now why is it like this, when we look on the internet,
we think everything is working,
someone is using it, someone is using it, everything
is good, when we go to use it, it gets stuck
or something is not working at all.  It's not working at all.
The point here is that there is a term
in trading called
probability. You will understand it better later.
But understand this: anything will
work for you only if you stick to it.
Sticking is a big thing, and you will be
able to stay focused only when you understand it.
You will know what you are actually doing,
what is happening on the chart, what the price is
trying to tell you. So,
rather than
copy, try to understand. Keep this in mind.
That is why, if the other person is doing something,
you try to do the same thing.
You are copying it, and the
copy will not work. Here, understanding the
price will work for you.
Now, let's come directly to technical analysis. Don't
think that technical analysis will work, it will
work if you understand it properly.
Now, there are
many such things in technical analysis, but to teach you, I think I can
make at least 25-30 topics here. I can make
more than 25-30 videos just on tickles.  You will go to hell,
but this event will give you a lot of
confusion. If you try to learn everything,
I will create it. Because there are
people of every mindset here. But if
I still have to explain it to you in a very genuine way, then what I will tell you is,
look,
ultimately, price is the feeling from God. You must have heard
that price is always right,
and if you understand price, everything will be understood.
You will follow it. Price action is the king.
You have all heard this saying, but what actually
price action means is technical analysis.
First of all, you have understood what you have to learn
properly.
What is a candlestick? What exactly is it?
Understand that a candlestick
tells you about the behavior of the price. Now,
by behavior, I mean
who is in control of the price and
how it is behaving. This is the only work of a candlestick, nothing else. The
candlestick simply
tells you who is in
control. Now you  You would never want the
market to be under bear control
and you would buy there. You would
never want the market to be under bull
control and you would be shorting
because doing so would result in heavy losses. The
market is falling, it has fallen 400 points.
Looking at the chart, you think that the
bears have considerable control over the market,
but because there is a sense within you that
no, no, the
market has fallen 500 points, so I will buy.
Now it will definitely reverse a bit from here.
Instead of 500 points, it
fell another 500 points, a total of 1000 points.
Next, you think, "Yesterday the
market fell 100 points, now this is a disaster, why should it fall
more than this?" The next day it
went down another 400 points. The point is that if you notice that this particular unit is neither
buyers nor
sellers, neither of these two is in control.
You would not want to go against them; you would want to be on their side. This is how
we follow the
market.  Candlesticks only
tell you who is in control. Secondly,
you understand the price behavior.
Ultimately, what do you understand? Whether it wants to continue, whether it wants to continue, whether the
price wants to reverse,
or whether it wants to
remain in a sideways zone and remain on the basis of sideways confusion. This is the only
function
of a candlestick, nothing else. By
understanding these two things, we enter the market. It's a
simple thing. Okay, so
you have to master candlesticks this much. Now you
know what a candlestick is. I have conducted a complete
class. Okay, read two videos, two
hours each.
You will watch them and you will understand.
But still, if you want, I can make it again because there are a few
things
that I have noticed now. I will make it again for you. Don't worry.
Okay, the second
point that you have to learn about
technical analysis is resistance. You have to
learn this. Now, what do you do with support resistance?
Sir, support resistance will
explain to you where the price can exactly
form a bottom and where it can form a top, nothing
else, although there are
types of support resistance, there are different
types of retracement, through that we
can find support resistance, we
can understand support resistance through trend lines, horizontal support
resistance which is actually a support ray,
simple align and zone, okay, the work of all of them is actually just to
explain
where the actual top of the market can be formed,
where the bottom can be formed, if it is falling
then the price has come near the previous support, it had gone
above this place last time, so it will
again go above this place, this is the only
work of anticipate support resistance, nothing else, okay, now when you
understand this basic, after that
come within this, peak breakouts and real breakouts
and traps, okay, now after understanding this, the
third thing which you have to understand technically is the
market, now in the end
you also have to understand this  I will tell you the secret. Okay, okay,
in market structure, you
study the price trend to see
where the price will reverse its trend. On the basis of higher highs and
higher lows, we understand
where the price can change its trend.
Or after changing this, it will go into
another form or it will continue. So where I can take
my entry. That is
our market structure. The fourth and most
important thing is that apart from these four things,
sir, you do not need to learn anything.
Now you know, there is one more thing. I have told you these four things, they are too many.
If you look at me,
if I mislead you, then I can say,
hey friend, learn this, learn that, learn this, learn that.
Come to my course. Okay, I will
put this in the application. Come and
learn it. You can do that in a good way
too. People do it a lot, but if I
generally want to guide you, then this will actually give
you a direction and
you work in the right way. At least,
work in this way with the hope that something very important will happen
there.  Even if there is hope of success, rather than
wasting your money and more than
wasting your time, do you know that the
entire trading can be done only with the support resistance and the horizontal support resistance? Your
entire journey can continue and
you can do everything on the basis of support resistance.
If I have to tell you,
trend line is a type of support resistance.
You can complete your entire journey only on the basis of this. The
entire journey means that you will
not look at anything other than the trend line in the future. Whenever you want to open the price, you
just have to look at the trend line, draw and
plan your entry based on it. Only
trend line, not only support resistance, not
only fast retracement is enough,
only candlestick is enough. If
you want to become a teacher and teach, then
learn everything. Are you understanding? But if you want to
become a trader, then do not learn anything, only one thing is enough,
only support resistance does the work, only trend line can do
the work of trend line.  For
example, Tori Trade is where a friend of
mine simply uses a trade line. The point
here is that we don't have to get too confused.
Okay, now everything is covered within this.
Consolidation, this bull flag pattern,
all of this comes in a book called
Encyclopedia of Chart Patterns. There are three
editions of that book. There are
around 400 pages in one book. When you
read it completely, you will understand, hey
Baba, this is all this.
This has been done by twisting and turning it around. If
you master even one thing well,
it's enough. After that, everything comes into
understanding the process part: how this
particular process is going to affect
you when you're wrong or when you're right. And then
psychology is the letter part. Okay,
I've explained this to you very well so
that you understand this and take
action accordingly. Okay, this must have given you a little
confidence in "I'm pretty sure" that if you do
n't, you're not sure.  If that's the case, then I can do it,
friend, and you can do it. Okay, so don't get too
confused, I have to learn a single thing but
technical things. If you want,
why am I telling you everything? Why do I know everything?
Look, you have a lot of knowledge.
Although intraday scalping has its own
mindset. More knowledge, more confusion,
more losses, such a principle is always followed. But all these
things can sometimes help you in swing trading.
Okay, so don't get too confused, simply put, this is what
Aman Jan was asking, sir, I am just
taking trades on the basis of candlesticks
only and getting my reward as
expected. Should I change and adapt the
strategy, that is, I am trading only on the
basis of candlesticks and support resistance, and I am getting very
good
results. Now he feels that I will
work harder. Although
I explained it to him, he is not feeling it now, but at that
time, when the question was there, he felt that
apart from this,  And should I
do something so that I can get better sets, I
told him simply, I said Aman, you have got
your age, you are very close to your age, now
you just have to understand
how the age thing will work from here, risk
management, how it will affect the run,
money management, risk reward
probability, you have to understand all these things, you just have to keep doing that
repeatedly, keep doing it, keep doing it
and that's what he said
sir, okay, finally thank you, you know for
guiding, because if I was out right now, if I would have done something like this, I would have got confused,
okay,
now see, message me for a class,
please, there are no classes like that right now, I think the
last batch was
in August, after August, there were no
classes like September, October, November, etc., I am not able to
find time, so do it right now, but it is still going on, it
was the old class, so
I showed you this is the thing, okay,
so a video will come on these four things in the future,
but take notes from here, I know you  I
told you why this thing is so that if you
want to, you will get to know all these topics yourself and you will sit to research on them. There will be 1
video on youtube on candlesticks
support resistance. Okay, I hope you liked it
and many people ask me that
sir why don't you make such videos.
This happens now,
then there are classes as well and there are
many other things that I have to do,
I have to manage them. So, because of that, I will just not be getting
the time, but from
here I promise that I will try a little
from my end so that as many of
you as possible can watch the video as quickly as possible.
Okay, so that was it and I hope
now you have got the right guidance. Now
it's time for you to take steps and do very well.
All the best.
