What if I told you that
 
we can learn the entire stock market in 30 minutes? Now, it might sound
impossible,
but it's true. This line of finance,
its language, has been deliberately
kept so complicated that even
if a normal person wants to learn it, for example, suppose there's a
person who doesn't understand much technical stuff, doesn't
understand English much, then it's been
deliberately kept in such a way.
Such terms are used here that
when a normal person comes to understand it, he feels, "
Dude, this is something next to nothing, I wo
n't be able to understand it, it's very difficult." And
why is this so, I do
n't need to explain it. You've already become intelligent. You've
busted the entire myth and understood the entire stock
market in very simple language.
And in these 30
[music]
minutes, first of all, let's understand
what the stock market actually is.
In the stock market, people invest their money in
companies, and companies
give them stocks in exchange for their money, that is, they
give a share of their shares, and
when they give a share of the company  And in the same
way, when more people demand the same stock, the
stock price goes up, and the person who
bought it first benefits.
Now, there are
multiple factors in the rise in stock price. Sometimes the company's
growth is very good, the company is doing well, the
company has got big projects, the
company's fundamentals are good, etc.
Multiple things happen like this. So, this is
a basic example of the stock market in short.
Now, after understanding this basic understanding of
what the stock market exactly is,
we move on to the second thing, which is the
investing side. Right now, you might be wondering
how, while studying the stock market, we suddenly went into investing.
Basically, when you work and learn in the stock market,
you have two things to do:
one, you
can invest, one, you can trade, and the
other, you can do both. Usually,
investors,
after some time, become traders,
and those who start directly by trading,
later become investors.
How do you start? One thing  You have to choose between
both. You have to
decide very smartly. Vesting is good,
but I am a little more inclined towards trading. I don't
invest a lot in stocks
specifically. Since 2014, I have
invested very little in stocks. The only
trades I took were kind of swing-like.
Work is over. I still have already taken positions in some stocks. There is a
slight downtrend
too, but in short, that too is
not an investment. It is just a swing.
Whatever investment I have, I have
left it for 15-20 years. You have
deleted that one yourself. So,
you can invest in this way. Set your mind that you should
not keep checking again and again and you should not have any fear.
Investing means leaving it for 15-20 years.
And trading is the main thing that is what I do.
Now if we talk about investing,
where can you invest?
First of all, you can invest directly in a company.
You have to research about the company.
Do research like companies. You can
invest in the company.
What is the other option? You can invest in mutual funds.  You can take the help of funds.
Mutual funds have some
smart people who
take your money and invest it in the market in their own way.
Now, since you do
n't have much experience, you don't have to track the
market, you don't want to get into too much trouble,
you can't devote time, so the first
option may be risky for you. The
second option may be best for you
because here an
experienced person is investing and withdrawing your money in the market in his own
way. You
look at their past performance and anticipate
which mutual fund you should
choose. Then comes the third thing
in investing, ETF, which is called
exchange-traded fund, that is, a
fund in which the exchange directly involves.
Now, which exchanges are there? If we
talk about exchanges, there are two exchanges: National Stock
Exchange (NSC) and Bombay Stock
Exchange (BSE). These are exchange-traded
funds in which you invest directly
and the company manages the fund as per its convenience.
Now, what are the options in this?
Suppose you have decided that
I don't want to get into too much trouble.
I don't have to use my brain; I simply want to
invest in India's top 50 companies.
You can invest through mutual funds,
or if you want to invest, I'll
do it directly from my demat account. If you type Nifty seed,
you'll get Nifty ETFs,
Nifty exchange-traded funds, which will
represent the growth that Nifty is going to give in the future,
both in case of a rise and in case of a fall. Suppose
you buy Nifty's ETF, then if the
market falls, you'll
see a loss of the same percentage in your ETF. And if the market
rises,
you'll see a profit of the same percentage as the market rises. So,
you'll see the growth of these short Nifty 50
ETFs. Now, there are many
types of ETFs. There's a silver ETF, a
gold ETF, a bank Nifty
ETF, a Nifty ETF, a mid-
cap Nifty ETF. If you
search for many types of ETFs, you'll get complete
information. In the future,
I'll try to make a good
video on this, if you like.  If you want, let me know and comment. I will make it.
Apart from this, there are bonds and
all. There are dead bonds.
I am not going into much technicalities on them.
Simply understand this way. There are three types of
primary things to invest.
First, go to Direct Company Buy & Sell and
you will automatically see the top 50 companies there.
Second, you
can take the help of mutual funds. These people manage your money.
As you might have noticed, if
you ever search for a mutual fund, there is
a term written there - AUM, that is,
Assets Under Management. If the
AUM of a mutual fund is, say, 60,000 crores,
then it means they are managing assets worth 60,000 crores. It is getting a
little difficult for me to
manage both classes and trading because actually,
I
try to fully justify myself every time in the live class that if
someone is coming to the class, then I should teach them live,
one on one, and solve all their doubts.
That is why I used to promise that a one-hour
class is just that, that one hour to four-hour class.  It used to
go on and because of those four hours
I was not able to get up the next day and hence I used to
miss my trades, so this time what I did is that
from 22nd March onwards, I am going to have a class
where I am going to teach everything
sitting live, that is going to be the last class, so that is why
I told you
earlier so that if you come to know about it later then you should
not feel that oh friend, I
missed that opportunity, the
March class will start on 22nd of March
and I am promising till 22nd April
but it will
continue even after April where the live class is going to be held, the
timing of the class is 10 to 11
PM, if you want a more detailed description then the
link of the class is given in the description below, open it and
read it, you will get all the details
and if you are watching this video after 22nd March,
admission in short will remain open till 25th March,
if you are watching after 25th March
then sorry, the classes have been closed, now no
other classes or any such course from here
No, also, if you are wondering
what we will learn in class, then I will
teach you all the fundamental analysis and everything that I know. I will mainly teach you how
technical analysis and price action
exactly work. What are
those important aspects of technical analysis? For example,
if I ask you about support resistance, then it
is a simple topic - support resistance. There are
three types of support resistance,
and in each of those three types, there are
three categories in support resistance:
fake breakout, real breakout, and trap. In this way,
support resistance is a small
topic of technical analysis, but as it grows, there are very deep
thoughts in it,
very deep things. So if
someone understands that and understands it, then it is done. In this
way, I give practical knowledge, and
whatever teaching happens, I explain it all by sitting on a live chart. It is
not that
I have some pre-made PDF
that I can just send to you.  I showed you a PDF and you can do it, otherwise it is not like that. The
classes are
going to be live, so make sure if
you are joining then attend live, do
not rely on the recorded ones. Because there
is a quote by Benjamin Franklin, "I follow a
lot, tell me, I will forget." Like this
video, you might forget it after watching it. I may remember that if
you sit one on one with me, then
perhaps there are chances of you learning,
but evolve me and I will learn. If you
evolve in that particular thing, then
you will be able to learn. To evolve, I
give homework. This is how I teach. It is intense. It takes a
lot of effort,
but it is fine. So, as much as I felt, the
class was going on for a long time. Now I
think it is time for me to move on to
bigger things. So now I am moving on. There are a lot of
smart people, a smart panel,
they take decisions and you
get to see growth and you don't even have to see what is happening in
my market, what is happening,
what is happening, pay money.  Now they will do whatever they have to do as per
their own wish. There will be profit as well as
loss. It happens as per their wish.
You must have heard a line about mutual funds being
subject to market risk. Please invest
carefully. If the market falls, the
mutual fund will also fall. If the market rises, the
mutual fund will rise. The second option is the
simplest and my favourite. The third option is the best in my opinion, which I think is the
best in my opinion, is
ETFs, where your money is also safe. Because
when you buy an ETF, your
money is directly with these short exchanges.
That's it. So
these are the three options for investing in the stock market. I hope
you have understood it in a very simple way.
I did not have to use much rocket science
and I am not writing anything because
now it has been so long and I have memorized
so much while explaining that I do not
even need to see anything written or any template. There is
something written in it,
but this is my to-do list. This is
not the script of the video. I am not giving you a script. I am
telling you this on the basis of my experience,
my research and everything else.  I am
explaining,
now let's talk about everyone's favorite topic,
trading, in which you
can trade. Now, when it comes to trading, the
most important thing, you know,
what is the top priority for you, you have to
understand in advance that, okay
boss, these are the segments in this type of market,
and for me, this
segment is the best. For example, if we talk about trading,
first we can trade
in stocks, we do chart analysis,
research, and enter at the right time,
plan our stop loss,
and also plan the target, and when that
target is hit,
exit, do not sit on it for life, this
is trading, so you can trade in stocks.
Secondly, you can trade in ETFs.
Basically, look at ETFs on a larger time frame
and plan swing trades in ETFs. There are two
segments. Third, you
can trade in futures. Futures is also a type
of segment. Now, how do futures work?
Whenever you have a small amount of money
and if you need something in large quantities, then
you do not need to take a loan for that.
No, your exchange itself
provides you this facility where
you get leverage of 5x some times 8x, that is, five times
and eight times.
And if you have ₹1 lakh, then with that ₹1
lakh, you can buy goods worth up to ₹1 lakh
and even up to ₹1 lakh. So
all those things happen in futures, there are
some commissions like some
premium deductible, you have to pay that, paying it does
not mean it is necessary,
but if you keep holding, then gradually it comes
down, you will
come to this in more detail, how futures work,
but in short, future is another
segment, there are three segments, till now, buying
and selling equity shares directly, second is ET,
planning after looking at exchange traded funds on higher time frame, and third is futures
and fourth is everyone's favorite, right now the
exchange has played the band and Tai ji
increased the tax and the exchange increased the regulations on
that, but in short options, now options are also one  These
are four types of segments. If you
look at it from a trader's perspective, you'll understand
that these are four segments. You can
make money or lose money by trading in these four segments.
Now, it depends on what
you understand. For example,
many people think that trading
means just learning about options and that you can
make money in options alone, or that you have to learn
something else and that will make money. This is
n't true. If you
pick up on even one of these four segments, saying, "I
only want to work in equities and I don't
know anything else. I only want to
work in ETFs and I don't know anything else." Then
you'll have to understand the nature of ETFs and
arrange capital accordingly and plan your trades. If you want to
work only in futures, you'll have to
understand the futures segment thoroughly and
plan your trades accordingly. If
I want to trade only in options, then you'll have to
understand the nature of options and then plan everything. So, there are
four segments of trading:
four trading segments and three
investing segments. This is the
entire stock market and that's what
you have to do. [Music]  Fundamental analysis, in
short, is correct because if you're going to
invest somewhere and I tell you to
invest in me, I'm
not saying this. But if I
tell you to invest in me,
what will you look at? You'll check this person
's track record so far.
Why will this person grow in the future?
How much revenue is he currently generating? Then,
based on his current revenue, I'll
look at the person's earnings now. If he's earning this much money, he's seeing this much
growth. So,
how much will he be able to grow in the future? In this way, you'll
do a thorough micro-analysis of the company. In short, you're
trying to understand its fundamentals. Similarly, you have to
understand companies. There are many
values ​​given in them: PB ratio,
PE ratio, and debt-to-
equity ratio, promoter holding. There are so
many such terms that I
know enough to understand exactly what
investing is,
how it's done, and this is how you have to do it. There are
other terms as well.
But in short, you just have to understand that the
company is fundamentally good.
After that, you also have to look at the charts a little bit and
understand the price, which is the
most important thing in trading. If we
talk about investing, then fundamental analysis is at 80%
or I would say at 90%
because your vision is
not for one month, two months, three months.
When you invest in something,
how does it happen? 5 years, 10 years, 15 years, 20 years.
People's big portfolios have been
built like this. Not in a day, not
in a month, not in a week, not
in a year. They have given
years of hard work, years of
dedication, and years of continuous
investing. This is how you
build your portfolio. This is
investing. Now, if we talk about trading,
trading is totally opposite and totally different
from investing. Yes, that is a different thing.
Sometimes in trading, we
treat a stock as a trade, but when it incurs a
loss, we think that  Now I have become an
investor. I will no longer trade. I will hold on to it. I will
see when it grows. Otherwise, I will leave it.
But this is a very wrong approach. Now, if we
talk about trading, in trading
you know where your focus should be
and what you should learn. Price is God.
In short, you have to understand
price and how it can move. You have to
understand the principles of price. How do you
learn that? Technical analysis. Now, what is technical
analysis? If I were to teach the entire technical analysis, it would take
me less than a month.
But in short, technical analysis is the
study of price. It's that simple.
In Hindi, we track the way price moves up and down and
analyze it completely. And on that
basis, we are able to anticipate that, okay,
if this is the price here, then it is
right for me to enter here. This is my stop
loss below this. This is the target and all. Trading is treated
like trading.
In trading, you
get multiple different trades daily, if not today, then tomorrow.
Trading is a very big chapter in itself, there are
different types of trades in it.  Trading
is technical analysis.
I have already made videos on many subjects,
but in short, this is what trading
requires. So, if you want to trade,
trade in ETFs, buy and
sell stocks directly,
trade in futures, trade in options, then
one thing you have to learn is how to
master the price, how to master it through technical
analysis because in trading, 90% of
yours is only the price and 10% are the
fundamentals, so basically, whatever
we are working on, we
should know a little bit about it, or not, what is that thing,
like in banks, people
trade in Bank Nifty, now if you do not
know that in Bank Nifty,
hdfcfund.com, some such news has come in such a bank,
hdfcfund.com, then after that, when you start
understanding the price a little bit, then
you understand the vertical of trading and that the
price that I have mastered here, I have
learnt, is only at 30
or 20, the rest of it is at 70-80,
that is mindset.  And if we combine all the things, then
this becomes a very good
template for me about the stock market.
Exactly what all things are there and
how to do it, what all needs to be learned.
And I have tried to make it in such simple language
that even a seventh standard
child can see it on his own and
learn it by doing research in today's time.
Now the biggest confusion in front of you is that from
where to learn all this, so
I have given you all this information, so let me tell you the reality, no
one is going to come to your house to teach you,
no, I have put up free live classes,
you will see them in detail format on YouTube.
But in today's time, technology
is so advanced that you really feel that
you actually need someone who will
hold your hand and teach you. Look, it is obvious that
if someone is working hard with you
or if someone teaches you like this, then nothing can be
better than that. An
experienced person, but he is
not going to come to your house and teach you. So now if you want to
move ahead  If you want to learn, you'll have to put in all the hard work
yourself. To do that,
if you need to find something, if you
need a video, or anything else,
you can find it even from the underworld. But when it comes to actually
learning and working hard, we
think someone should just spoon-feed us.
If you really want to learn, take help from
Wikipedia,
Google, Verse 2, I think there's an application you
can use, it will
teach you a lot about trading,
and
YouTube, which is where I did the live analysis. It's going to
start back by the way.
But if you go to the live section, if
you watch the analysis,
if you watch 15, 20, or 50 videos, then
gradually, you'll start
doing the same thing because
we'll think the same things as we see,
and those thoughts
force us to take similar actions. One
video, two, or three videos is
n't going to do anything. But over and over again,
you'll keep doing it.  If you keep doing it then actually
you make it,
so in this way you can learn completely on your own,
you have to make efforts, you have to work hard,
now if you want to change your life then
boss you will have to work hard, in this no one is
holding your hand and saying no no come on
I am doing it for you because let me
tell you the reality in today's time,
no one has that much time, so now
no one has that much time, so
you will have to work hard, get down to business on your own, do
n't stop,
you must have got a very good motivation after watching this video,
no boss I can do it, but don't believe too much in motivation, believe
more in the process, the process will be this, motivation happened
that you watched this video, stopped it and
after that you said that now I will
start and you picked up your notebook, quickly
wrote all the points and
started one by one, this thing will last for you
approximately two to three days or four days
or a week, but instead of this, if you
decide that  Okay, I am going to do this,
I am ready to give three to four years or
I am ready to give two years, I am all set, I will
give two hours daily, I am
not starting today just out of motivation that I will give the whole
day today, I can do it daily, that is good,
but if I tell you in practical,
if you have decided that I am going to give
two hours daily, you will go ahead of 90% of the people
and this was the whole video, I hope
you have understood well that
exactly what points I have to learn,
how to do it, from where to do the research,
I have also shared it with you that you
can learn from here, you don't have any
excuse to give, don't give any excuse,
start it right now, as many people as are
coming to the class, see you in the class
[Music]
