Chapter four is where you will learn
 
how to enter and exit
or basically how I
plan my entry and exit.  Look, you should
learn the things that I will tell you carefully
but you must also practice because there is a
difference between normal
charts and when we are reading life,
life scenarios become different
and the market is dynamic,
always keep this in mind, ok, how to plan,
its accuracy is also quite good, if you
plan it properly then I will
explain you, let's get back to my
screen, now the strategy has to be applied in the same way,
you have to use 8:30 EMI and
usually in this, if the market
is in down trend then we take only short trades
or do nothing.  And if the
market is in an uptrend, we either
take long trades or do nothing.
See how to enter.  Look, the
first thing you need to do is to see that the
market gives you a clear signal that it has entered an
uptrend.  It has gone into a downtrend.  If there is
no clear signal then do
not take the trade.  That is, if I
look at it in the live scenario, right now the
market is in a down trend because
compression is taking place here.
Compression will tell you what happens next.  But in
short, right now you will see that
if you look at it strategy wise, the market is
in a down trend.  Fine.  Now, according to this,
understand carefully where we can make entry.  Once you are confirmed
that the market is in a downtrend.
Rather, it was confirmed here long ago.
After that, after the down trend, we
can plan our entry in two ways.  The
first one is 8 EMA.
If we see any dominance candle near 8 EMA
for short, then we can plan our entry there.
Okay then
what will be our stop loss in this?
What do I keep as my stop loss in this particular
?  My stop loss will be at the high of this candle.  The
end target that I will
expect from the market is
around 1:2.  If there is a
big momentum in the market then it can even go up to 1:3 4 5 6 7 8.
But usually we expect 1:2 from the market.
After 1:1 we will
trail our position.  Because
we don't have to convert our winners into losers.  It
is a very simple method.  If we look here, the market has
given a target of almost 1:2.
In this lecture from a SL planning person, we will
also understand
how we can plan stop loss
effectively so that SL can be made smaller.
Ok?  All in all, if we
talk about the strategy in a simple way, then
we have seen the trend.  After the trend,
as soon as a dominance candle is formed after touching the 8 EMA,
we have to plan our entry there.
He will have a low cross.  We will
take our short trade there.  It is a very simple
strategy.  Works in a simple way.
And it works like magic.  Now if
you see this, you will see what all should not be done.  This
candle is not touching.  This candle is
not touching.  None of the candles are touching.  So
long as the candle is not touching.
Unless she is taking a retest.
We will not be able to make any entry.  Okay now, is the
entry here being made as per our strategy?  Yes, it is being made.  Okay,
due to some logic the entry is not being made here.
That is because of pending liquidity, if
any course with candlesticks is launched in future,
you can see it in that.   In that
I will explain it to you properly only with the help of candle.
But all in all, is
our entry being made logically here according to EMA
?  Yes, it is a dominance candle.   There
is a dominance candle here too.
We can shorten here also.  Here also, if you
see, the market has not hit our stop loss.
And here also the market did
not settle.  And he left after giving a good target market.  It must have been approximately
around 1:2.
Then the second one is
near 8 EMA.  When the market crosses the 8 EMA, the
30 EMA is also a resistance for us.
Remember we have taken the
position in a downtrend.  So
what does a downtrend mean?  As long as it is above the red EMA.
We only take short trades
or do nothing.  This is what I do.
Either I will just take the short trade or
I will do nothing.  So all in all,
if we look at it here, my focus will be on this
in intraday.  Here also, if
I
see any such dominance candle either near the EMA or if
I see a dominance candle even slightly above the EMA, then
I will plan a short trade in it.  I will
not plan a long trade.  I will
plan a long trade up
when the EMA crossover has happened
and I have got a buy side entry.
If I take it back a little and show it to you,
you will understand long entry.
Here I was talking about short long on such EMA, at
that time I was talking about short, sorry, right now a
dominance candle has formed touching the 30 EMA, is our
logical entry being formed here, yes the stop loss will be at
its low end, the market is moving well, it is
not moving very well, it has
almost gone around 1, that's all, but
anyway the strategy is like this.  Whenever the
market is trending, you will get big moves
and whenever the market is range bound
i.e. moves sideways, there are
high chances of your stop losses getting hit.
So if you want to avoid your stop losses then
what should you do? Do
not trade in range bound markets.
Your stop loss will be avoided.  And
only when it is trending, that is, when you see
that the market is moving well today, then only you should
take the trade, otherwise you should not
take the trade at all.  That's simple, you have seen the
example in this.  Now let us see more examples.   Let's
see BTS BTC
Bitcoin.  Ok?  Because we have just
seen it in this.  Let us go to the live chart and see
how we can plan live.  Now look,
big moves have been made.  Now looking at this
[music]
here it seems that the entire market is
range bound.  After the range bound, no
entry was made here.
Because here EMA has given you it's kind
of a that or not yes fine.  Now you are
alerted here.  Just where
will your entry be made?  This candle is made up of 30 sticks.
This can be your entry on candle.
And this entry will not be made on any other candle.
Only this entry and this entry
is just because it is being made by touching EMA.
I am telling you this only so that
you can understand it and when the market has to
move, it will move big.  Well,
similarly look here, the market has fallen.   Are
we getting entry anywhere here
?  The answer is no.
Entry is not being made anywhere.  If one wanted to go a little risky, then a
trade could have been taken on this.
But if seen from a strategy point of view, it is
not right.  Okay then
after that let's see if
our short entry was being made here?  Yes, it was being made.  Is
our short
entering here?  Yes, it is being made.  Now I will
tell you another improvisation in this later.
But anyways look at it.  Ok.  Live market is running now.
What should we go long as per the live market?  This should be shorted.
Now if I look at this current
structure, it is showing us
bullishness.  So now on this particular area
and one more thing here you will understand
this thing because this is a live chart.  We do
n't need to look too far back in history.  We have to look at the current.
Where is the current market trend going?  So if we
look at this current trend now.  However, the
market is falling.  If
we look at the current trend according to this strategy, it is on the
buy side.  So what will be the plan now?  Here you
just have to find the entry of Buy or do nothing.
This is a very simple
strategy.  Either you have to follow the buy strategy
or do nothing.  It's that
simple.  Ok?
No entry has been received yet.  Now
if someone applies this, a green colored
dominance candle will appear here.  I'm happy to go
for a long time.  In the last lecture which will be the bonus one,
you will learn
how to increase its accuracy.  You will have to do some chart
analysis.  But all in all this is
what strategy says.  Okay now
I would like to add a couple more things here.  The first thing is that the simple logic of what I
normally taught on YouTube is
that as soon as any EMA
crosses each other, you have to
place stop loss above the swing high and expect a target of 1:1 and 1:2.
Someone
even backtested this strategy and the
result was 54% accuracy with a risk reward of 1:2.  This
means that the strategy
is profitable.  But if we add dominance candle to it then
its accuracy will improve further.
Okay now in the beginning I have also said
that the market is dynamic.  Here,
whenever you see that the EMA has not touched
and you see a momentum
in the market that the market is looking for
aggression, at that time if you
want such a risky trade then you can take it, but
there the chances of your SL are more.
That is not part of the strategy.  Now
when it comes to entry into dominance candle, there are
two types of entries.  The first
is spot entry.  The second is
cross entry.  Spot means that
as soon as you see the dominance candle.  For
example, we saw the dominance candle here.  The
dominance candle ends here.
We immediately took the trade here.  This
is our small stop loss.  This is called
spot entry.  You don't have to do this.
Avoid this if you are a beginner.  If
you are advanced, you are good at managing risk.  If
your trading psychology
is strong then we can do it.  Else
this has to be avoided.  What is giving?
Cross entry means
we enter when its high crosses.  Now
again I am repeating it.  Spot means
that as soon as the dominance candle
closes, we enter immediately as soon as the next candle changes.
And cross
means that we do not enter until the
market crosses its high and
goes in our direction.  So what should we
prefer?  We have to take cross entry every turn.  The
advantage of cross entry will be
that first the market shows you bear
sentiment and then when the
market is going in your favor then it is
making sense and you are getting a double confirmation.
First of all you
saw it in behavior.  After that the market is going in
your favor and the price action is also going
in your direct favor.  Then you
take his entry by doing a high cross.
Accuracy increases there.  Because if the
market has to be trapped, then
after dominance, the market will be trapped directly from here and will be pushed down.
So what will happen in that situation
?  Stop losses will be applied to spot holders.
So that's why always prefer cross
entry.
[laughter] Now
you'll see it somewhere in here.
Now let's come back to it.  Now you will see that there is
no dominance candle formed anywhere in it.
If we look at it, even those who are shorting are going down here.  A
rejection candle has formed.
Rejection candle if you already have it.  If
you want to take the trade, take it.  But that
is not part of the strategy.  I am telling you again.  The
dominance candle has not formed yet, there
is no entry anywhere here.  But if it comes to finding a trade
here, I will only look at the buy side,
otherwise I will not look at it.  Okay, I will get it repeated at the end.
[Music]
First we need to apply the 8 and 33 EMAs.
We have to see the crossovers.
Crossover will help you know the
current market trend and you will have to
take trades according to the trend.  If the
trend is bullish
then you just have to take long trades or do
nothing and if the trend is bearish
then you just have to take short trades or do
nothing.  That's it.  Long and
nothing, short and nothing,
trades have to be taken according to the trend.  The end is so simple.
Talking about candles, you have to
take only dominance candles for your entry.
And if we talk about exit, then
you have to keep the target of 1:2.  1:3 45
is also available.  When the market is trending, if
you keep placing SL behind the previous candle,
you will get bigger targets.  I am
showing you an example of that live as well, how
you have to trail your position.  Now
here the
market made a big move on a single side.
One correct.  Now how will you capture such moves
?  Let's
plan our entry on this dominance candle.
Took cross entry here.  This was our stop
loss.  Then all you have to do is plan for trailing
whatever dominance candle is being formed,
you have to keep the SL at the low of the dominance candle.
Let's get your
target to 1:3 here.  Now do
you want to trail or not?  And
I need more momentum.  So
where is the dominance candle formed in such a situation?  This is the last
dominance candle formed.  Below this will be your
trailing SL.  Trailing SL is hit.
No problem.  Come out with a stop
loss.  This is the next dominance candle.
SL below this next dominance this is formed
SL below this.  The next dominance is formed
below this SL.  If there is confusion then SL will
not come below this.  It will remain below dominance.   The
next rejection candle so the SL is right here.
This is also an inductive candle, so the stop
loss is here only.  By doing this you
can trail your position.  This means that every
time your stop loss is going below the dominance candle.
And if the market needs to be
given momentum, you will get such big momentum.
If we talk about risk reward, then I am
expecting it to be around I think around
1:5 or something.  But we will
not expect this much in the live market.
We would expect that if 1 3 is seen in the market then
it is good.  Okay, here we have
got a risk rate of 1:7.  At
almost anyways we wouldn't expect that much.
We will expect just this much
before the market.  After that the whole game is about
trailing.  Because when you
expect this much, you will get better trades
and your accuracy will improve a lot.
Then you have to focus on trailing.  When
more advanced lectures come in future,
you will understand there that this thing is good.  You can make
some money in the beginning
but to make big money
you need to master psychology and understand the aspects of trading.
[Laughter]
Now after this you can watch lecture five where
you will understand how to read the EMA and the structure of the EMA.
