Lecture Six What is Compression and What
 
is Decompression.  Now let us understand this thing
in very simple terms on the screen.
You will have to concentrate a little but if you understand it then it will
help you a lot
in understanding the price along with EMA.  Alright let's
get to my screen three to one.  Now you are this
screen.  Let us understand what decompression and
compression are.  Okay now
understand compression and decompression like this, in simple terms
compression is where the price is getting compressed
, squeezed, consolidated.
Ok?  That is called compression.  And
depression means where the price
is expanding, stretching, the price is
moving in a single direction.  Ok?  Now these
two things do not follow each other.
Whenever compression occurs, it means the next
move is going to be decompression.  Whenever there is a
depression, it means the next move is going to be a
compression.  It's going to be compressed.
Alright now, how can we take advantage of this
?  Understand it carefully.
Whenever the price goes into compression mode
, compression mode means the price is going to
expand from here.  Either it will explode on the upside
or it will
explore on the downside.  How will you know this
thing?  If you are looking at the EMA,
whatever crossover happened last time, like in this case, the
last crossover
of the EMA, the red line was above
here and where did it happen, it was here,
after that the price went straight into compression mode
and what happened, then decompression
expansion happened, okay now
if we talk about compression.
You will get to see this thing in EMA.
When the EMA is crossing the line
repeatedly and the
price is consolidating at one place.
This means now it's there.  And whatever the last
crossover has been, the market likely happens to
give an expansion in the same side.
Okay now if we talk about compression then there are two
three types.  You will need to identify the price.
What is compression in short?  Price struggles and price
squeezes keep happening.  Can we
call it compression?  Absolutely yes.
And let's see.
I have already shown you this example.   Can
we call this area as a compression
?  Yes.  Can we call it as a
compression?  Yes.  Now compression, can
we call this compression?  Yes.
You also have to understand compression.  The
tighter the space in which it is formed,
the closer the candles will be. The bigger the next
expansion will be and the more heavily it will
explode
if it is formed far apart.  Like this is a
lot of compression but it is not a very good
compression.  So the expected move from here is
that the crossover of EMA
is expected from here that it is going to come on the opposite
side but it is not expected to be very big.
Maybe the market comes up a little and
goes up to 23500, after that it continues from there, that is what is
expected,
here the price is compressing but
not that much, this was very good, so you have to
see where the price is compressing too much and
where it is
working normally and in this way you
can understand the behavior of the price through compression and decompression so that it becomes
easier to execute the trade in your EMA and
you should expect bigger targets.  The
biggest advantage of compression is achieved when
we know that in this situation, like
now I am going to get a short trade here
and the price here, basically this was a
short crossover somewhere here.
This means going short or nothing right now.
Just look closely and you will understand
clearly, hear here.
Right?  So right now what this means here is
just short and nothing.
Where did dominance candles form here?  This
became a dominance candle.  Could I trade in this
?  Yes.  What happened?  Stop loss was placed at
this place.  Correct.  A
dominance candle was formed here.  Price held it.
Held it.  Your stop loss is placed at this point.
After that, where did you get the next raid
?  These ones on the dominance candle.  Then did you
place your stop loss on it?  Didn't feel it.
And after that I kept compressing the price.
And the next day expansion
move has arrived.  And bigger targets were achieved.  So
expansion and expression, sorry compression
and depression or expansion is fun only
when you enter properly, so
you can take full advantage of compression and depression or expansion only when
you have got the entry and after getting the entry
you can see that the price has been
compressing here for a long time.
And now I am getting my entry, so
it means you are going to get big targets.
SL is hit, if in this
case I get re-entry at the compression zone, then
I take re-entry
because if the move comes, then it is a big move
and the risk to reward means if I
go to major in this, the risk reward, then you can
see for yourself, you will get an idea if I
take a short position
[Music] on the
first entry the stop loss was small, then on the second
entry the stop loss was this
and if we see the
target, that is,
till the entire bottom, then I cannot say at all.
I am saying, if you take only till here,
how much will it be?  It's Around
1:12
Why was this compression possible?  Ok.  So
keep this in mind that SL can be hit when the
price is compressing, but when SL is hit,
entry is obtained again,
I take entry again. In the last, I will
explain to you the golden rule of three stop losses.
Basically,
in the last, I will also explain to you the golden rule of trading.
So basically, what happens in it is that
if you continue to place three stop losses, then
you close them. Suppose
you enter in compression, place one SL, place
second SL, place third SL, place three stop
losses, then the market closes, then it is not our day
and
you have to identify the compression beforehand
that yes, the price is compressing for a long time, it
is consolidating, then you enter,
that is better.  Alright now let's
move on to our next lecture.   Now let
us move on to our next lecture on
how to set stop loss.
Because in this compression mode you will
get a lot of benefit in stop losses at swing low or swing high.
[Music]
