Hello everyone, my name is Khan and
 
in the first chapter I will teach you
how to do structure mapping?  What is a break of
structure?  What is change of character
?  This is a very important thing
in the smart money concept.  So first of all
we will learn what is your break of
?  How to identify it
?  Break of structure is generally
called boss and change of character, as it is
clear from the name itself that change
of character means when the behaviour of the price
changes, it is called change of character
and break of structure, when the
market is bullish and breaks its previous high then it is
called break of structure and if it is a bearish market then it
breaks its previous low and that is also
called break of structure.  Generally there is a
break of structure, that is
worked out in your continuation.  And
your change of character that is at this point,
we use it as a reversal.
How to identify this?
What are its terms and conditions?
I will
tell you in detail about marking it here.  So first of all
you have to understand your
structure and identify
which side your trend is in.  Do you have a bullish
trend or a bearish trend?  If the
market is your bearish trend.  It
broke the previous low and
closed below it.  It is very important to give
closing candles.  If the market
came here and the market just sold and
swept up, then it will not be our break of
structure unless we close below it.
Same thing
happened in the next attempt.  The market broke the
structure and then it is necessary to give closing below it.  The
second thing you have to understand is
your range here, your high and low,
major like your lower low is here and
lower high, what happens in the market,
sometimes many people get confused, this
minor structure which is broken here, they will start
considering it as break of structure,
but this is your internal structure.
You have to understand the internal and external structure.
I am telling you that it is
not a big deal to understand it.
First of all, your major higher low,
lower low here and lower high here, this is
your major structure.  After this,
your break became your break
of structure and your new lower low was
confirmed here.  Now whatever is created in between this is
your internal.  Like
whatever is formed in the middle of it will be your internal structure
and as soon as the market breaks it,
all this on the lower side will be your new
internal structure.  And if you
talk about this here, the upward price movement is
also your internal structure.
Whatever structure you form between your major high and low is
called minor structure and the majors that you have marked are
called major structure.  I will
explain this to you in more detail now
so that you can understand it better.  Right now
you just have to understand the general things like
what is break of structure?  What is change of
character?  Same thing
happened here.  The market formed a breakout structure,
gave closing and then it got confirmed.  There
comes a point when there is a reversal in the market.
When the market broke its previous
high here, it became our
change of character.  The first is a reversal
indication.  That is called change of character.
Same thing happened in the next attempt.  The
market broke the structure above
and gave a closing above it and made a higher high.  That will be
called break of structure.
Now a question may be coming to your mind
that why did you mark this lower high here
?  While the Major
is here.  This is a correct
and unique way of doing structure mapping.  I will
teach you everything you need to know.  Every single
thing in this is logical, advanced and practical.
If we understand from the diagram, then
you will understand here
what are the conditions in break of structure.
How do you validate it?
If you see in your first diagram, the market has
broken the structure and
given above closing.  As soon as the market
closed above this, it became our break of
structure.  And
if you see in the second diagram, the market has definitely broken
, but it has not given any closing above it.
So, this thing of ours has become invalid.  This is
not our break of structure.  Same
things apply here.  The market
broke the structure.  If we
close below this, then this becomes our valid break of
if you see in the second diagram, the market broke it
but the closing was below it.  So, this
is our invalid and it is called liquidity ship.
We will learn this in the next part.
I will tell you
what is liquidity sheep?  How to use it.
Right now we are just learning
what a break of structure is?  And what is your change
of character?  And how to
mark it.  How should your actual
structure, your advanced structure
, be marked?
So, you must have confirmed this major higher high, major lower low
structure.
What is a break of structure?  What is a change of
character?  All these basic
things must have become clear to you.  Now I will
take you through how we do structure
mapping and
what is the correct way to do structure mapping?  So, this is the
diagram in front of me.  This
is a 1 minute chart of Bank Nifty.  You
can apply in any time frame.  Doesn't matter.  I am
just telling you for example
how you have to
map the structure and what is the correct way to do it.
If we talk about the current price action, it is
moving something like this.
This price action of ours
is an internal structure because the price is
much smaller and when will this become our confirmed
structure?  When the market
takes its previous low.  After that its
structure gets confirmed.   Let
me explain it to you a little bit with a
diagram.  After that I will
explain it on the chart, then it will be very easy for you to
understand.  Like if you look at this diagram
, this is your lower low and this is your
lower high.  This is your major structure.
But the drop that the market has made from here is
your internal structure.  This
is a minor structure.  And when will this lower low of ours in the market be
confirmed?  When this
is your major structure, its internal
structure is made, there should be a break at least here in the middle of it.
Whether you have a sweep or above closing does
not matter.  This is
also called inducement.  This is the first internal
high.  This break is necessary in the year market.  Only then
our
lower low gets confirmed.  If the market does
not break this in this case then our
lower low will not be confirmed.  No matter
how big your price drop or up is, it does
n't matter.  You need to have a
confirmed structure break.  If the market
fails this and
goes down then our new high will be
here.  This will be our inducement.
This break will be compulsory.
If this breaks then this lower one
which is at the bottom, this lower one will be
confirmed only after that.  And in this case, if
you see, when did our lower low get
confirmed here?  When the market has
broken it.
You can clearly see on this diagram that
after taking the inducement in the market or you can say it is the
recent internal high.
After taking it, our lower low gets
confirmed.  Now the same thing
happened here in the next attempt.  The market
again broke this structure.
Took inducement or took internal high.
Only after that our lower low was
confirmed.  If it had not been taken, the market would
not have confirmed us.
If you see in this move, it is a very big wave and if you
see in this move, it is a very small move.
But the structure of the market, the break of
structure, is here as well as here.
Why?  Because logic has been followed here.
And because of that our
structure is valid.  It doesn't matter
how much your structure has gone up
or down, it doesn't matter.  It does
n't matter if your market goes even higher.  Your actual
structure is from this point to this
point.  Whatever happens in between does
n't matter to him.  That is your internal
structure.  Like the market
broke the structure here.  This was our break
of structure.  After that, it is
necessary to take this inducement when the market goes up.
Only after that, our
lower low will be confirmed.
This lower low will not be confirmed until the market takes the inducement.
And this is how your structure works.
This is how everything else
works.  And the structure
mapping that we have to do has to be done in this manner.
First you have to identify the highs and lows of the structure.
How will you do that?
When the market accepts your inducement.  Only when we
take minor induction, our lower
low will be confirmed.  The same thing applies.
Even in your bullish structure.  If you
look at the bullish structure, it is the same story.  Did the
market break the previous major high
and what did it do after breaking it?
New Higher High built.  When was it made?  When the market
took the inducement.  This will be
called inducement.  I will call it internal.  When the market
takes the inducement.  Only after that
our higher high is confirmed.
And when is the break of structure confirmed in the market
?  When the market breaks this high and
gives closing above it.  Then
this is our valid break of structure.
And when does our range become available?  As if
your structure broke at this point.
Above this closing was given.  So, this higher high was
not confirmed.  Now that the market has
broken below it.  This is your inducement
, internal low, so our
range is from this high to this low.  This
became our range and anything in between is
your internal structure.  And the same
thing happened in your next attempt.   The
market went up.  Just because it went up from here does
not mean that the market has changed.  The market may
fall further from here.  It does
n't make any difference.  Your high low is
still stable here until it
breaks.  Whether you have an upper
side break or a lower side break.
What did you do in the market?  The market went
up in this next attempt.  Above this,
closing was given.  This became our breakout
structure.  And after this breakout
structure, when was
our higher high confirmed?  When the market
took the inducement.  So, our
higher high got confirmed and the market
moved downwards.  And this has
given a small pullback after taking our inducement.  This one
is quite small.  Compared to this,
compared to this, it doesn't matter.  But
you have to do the mapping of your structure according to the method.  I
took your index, the market went up.  This is our
break of structure again.
Above this closing was given.  And this
range of ours will be called internal structure.
And to go from here to the top, this is also
our internal.  But this is your main move
because this is our impulsive move.
Because it is from here that the market
structure breaks.  The market went up.   The
market should come back now.  The
market will take this inducement and then
our higher high will be confirmed by reaching the extreme.
If the market does not accept it then
how will we confirm it?  The market
will make a new low from here.  Something like this type of
structure and as soon as our market
takes a low from here, then our
higher high will be confirmed.  Whether you
take it from here or maybe after taking it, it will
come down even deeper.  Here you go,
after that it will come down further and then go up.
But our range will be from this low to this
high.  Ok?  So this is how
you have to do structure mapping.  I am just
explaining to you the candlestick bar play.  With that
you will understand it more clearly.
As you can see now, the
structure of the market is something like this.
Right?  This is our internal
structure.  Now when will the structure be
confirmed?  When the market takes our lower low.
Like this lower one.  Now this internal
loan will take the market.  So our higher high will be
confirmed.  Ok?  This is how we will
map the structure.  And this is the only
way.  There is a very unique way in
which we map structures.
This is quite advanced.  And how will
we use it?  I am telling this in continuation
and you must have understood a lot.
And now let's see how this will work on bar play.
How to
identify this?  So the market has
taken this loan here.  This is
called inducement.  And
what happens after taking this inducement?  The market
confirms its new higher high, which it is.
Why this?  Because the market
structure is bullish.  So, as soon as the
first internal high is
taken out, the higher high of the market is confirmed.
What should we do now?  Whatever range we will form
, it does not matter whether the market goes down or up
or down.
Whichever way the market goes, we will
react accordingly.  Now let's
see what is possible next.
Ok?  Now you will see that
this entire structure is being created here.
This is all internal structure.  But the market has
not yet adopted any internal structure.
As you will see in the first attempt,
as soon as the market broke it.
What happened after the break?  Our
higher high was confirmed.  Now what happened?   The
market has to come down and after coming down,
here you have to identify
where your internal structure is.   There
is nothing here.  This was the first inducement
but the market did not accept it.  The market
just reacted and then
broke it.  So right now the range we have formed is
this first internal high.  If this is
broken then our lower low will be confirmed
and our range will be from here to here.
Ok?  So let us see
whether it breaks or not
or whether the market creates a new structure.  If
it breaks in this way then it will become our
inducement.  So let's mark it first.
Then let's see what is possible
here.  Ok.  If you see here, the
market has confirmed the lower low here.
Why?  Because the
first internal high of the market was here.   The
market has taken it.  This is
called inducement.  First internal high can
also be called in a bearish market.  And
as it took this inducement, our
lower low got confirmed on the bottom side.
So now our range is
between this low and this high.
Whatever has happened in between is
our internal structure.
For example, if the market goes up from here,
it does not mean that everything has changed in the market right now.  Nothing like that.  As
long as this high does not break,
our structure is safe.  If the market does
anything and comes down.  It was broken.
This will be our breakout structure.  And
this will become our lower high.  And
when will our break of structure be confirmed now?  When
our candle closes completely below.
So let's see what will be possible
after this.
So here it has been broken and
after breaking it, you will see that it has completely
closed downwards which is a
strong indication that
this is your strong breakout structure in the market.   There
is a valid breakout structure.  Now
what will happen after this break?  Our lower low is
confirmed.  If you take this lower then it is confirmed.
But where is the lower high?  The
maximum high that has been reached from this point till here,
like at this point it has reached here.
Ok?  If it went higher here
and then broke out, this would be our
new lower high.  But if you look at this case, the
maximum market has gone till here only.
So,
after the break, we
consider the highest point as the lower high.  Some people will make the mistake of
marking here because the
structure breaks from here.  But this is
not your lower high.  This is not your lower high.
Lower high is the
highest point.  So
where is the highest point?  This one of yours.  So this is our
lower high.  And when was the market's breakout
structure confirmed?  When the market
broke it and closed below it.
What will happen now?  We need the first
internal high to be broken, only after that
our new lower low will be confirmed.
This lower low has not been confirmed here yet.  Right now
it cannot be considered a lower low until
it takes the first internal high.  Here,
when it takes the first internal high, then
our low will be confirmed.  If the market
makes a new low from here.  If you take this internal one, then the
market will have to take this one.   Only
then will our new logo be made here.
Ok?  So let's see now what
is possible in this.  If you
look here, the market has broken it.
Now it is not like there is a break of structure.
This is your internal structure.  Something like this.
Ok?  There is internal structure.   There
is no break of structure here.  Your range is from this low to
this high.  And after this break, it
is necessary to take the first inducement after this break of structure.   It is
important to take the first internal high or low.
Which has now shifted here.  Was here before.
Now it has shifted from here to here.
Why did it shift from here to here?
Because the market has broken this internal low.
Something like this.  Ok?  So let's
see now what is possible
in this.  The market broke it.
What was this to us?  There was inducement.
As soon as the market takes the inducement, our lower
low gets confirmed.  Now no matter how
high the market goes between this high, it does
not make any difference.  And our range will
also change.  Now this has become our lower low.
Now what will happen after the lower low is formed
if the market goes upwards here.
Ok?  And if you stay in the middle of this high then it will
not make any difference to you.  Or the
market still goes down after leaving here.  It
breaks it and
gives closing below it.  So this will be our
break of structure and
wherever your highest point is, whether it is
here or goes further up, that will become our
lower low.  So now let us see
what will be possible here and this
point of ours, this inducement has been confirmed
and only after this is confirmed, our
lower low gets confirmed.  So let's see
what is possible in this.  If you
look here, you will mark the first low which was
here.  If you have noticed at this point, the
market has just done a liquidity
sweep.  And I had told that even
if the market breaks the previous
low, it does not give closing behind it.   If it does
not give closing below this then our
break of structure will not be valid.   It is
compulsory for the market to close below that level.  Only then will things work for you.
This is your liquid sleep.
This is not your break of structure.   It is
very important that the candle closes in the break off structure.  Like it happened here at this point.
Ok?  So,
what can you do here?  In the next attempt, the
market should come down and break below its candle.
Now it doesn't matter to us.  Now, it
is compulsory to give closing below the recent low that we have formed.  Only then
our break of structure will be
confirmed.  So let's see
what is possible here.  In the next attempt, the
market closed below this.
Now we can consider it as a break of
structure.  This will be our
break of structure.  And after the break of
structure, you will have to see
where your lower high is.
Because the lower low was confirmed because the
inducement was taken.  Now
what happens after the break of structure?  Our lower
high is confirmed which is at this point.
Ok?  So this is our lower high.  Now
as soon as our lower becomes high.  When did this
happen?  When the market closed below this.
Now our range was from this low to this
high.  Now this has changed.  Now our
internal structure has
developed in this manner.  If there is a new
internal inducement or you can say
internal high break in the market then where will it happen?
Here it is important to take this from the market.  Only then will
our lower low be formed and
our range will be from this high to this low.  Ok
?  So let us see what is
possible in this or else the market may
create a new structure.  Something like this will
remain internally for us and this first one which is
high will become our inducement.
Then what will we do with it?  We will consider lower low.
Ok?  So let's see
what will happen in this?  The market continues to
drop downwards.  That won't make any
difference.  Unless your pullback,
unless the market takes your inducement and
now let's see what happens in it.
No inducement has been taken yet and our current
range is something like this.
This is the entire internal range.  Ok?  In this way, the
here.  It is compulsory for the market to accept this.  If
this breaks then our lower
low will be confirmed.  So
we can mark it in this way.  Let's see what
happens in this.  Ok?  Here you
will see that the market has completely broken it.
And what happens after this break is
that after taking our inducement,
our lower low gets confirmed.
Nothing needs to be done here that would cause it to
break.  Below this
in its above closing the inducement.  There is
no need for closing in induction.   Even if the
liquidity seeps out, it is still valid.
You have to look at candle closing only in breakout structure.
Ok?  So right now
our range is from this high to this
low.  So, this is our range.
Whatever happens in between, it won't make any difference.
That will be your internal structure.
And when the market breaks it,
that will be our change of character.
Because our actual range is from this
high to this low.  Ok?  And
if the market goes down now, breaks this
, gives closing, then, this will be
our break off structure.  This will become
your lower high and this is already your lower
low.  Ok?  So, let's see
what is possible here.   Can
we see it here?   Let's
wait a bit and still our
market is varied.  No matter how much the
market does, it doesn't make any difference.
Your main high and low are still
safe.  Right now the market has not broken on any side
and only after this break,
things will become clear to you
whether there will be a choke in the market, a change of
character or there will be a bounce and a break of
structure.  Ok?  Let's see now.  Let me
draw this line also.
If you see in this first attempt, the market has
swept it.  After this sweep, it does
not happen that this becomes your change of
character.  Your structure
is still a barrier.  It's just liquidity missing.
If the market gives closing above this.   Only then will
our change of
character be valid.  If he doesn't give it then it is still our year.
It just got liquefied.
We will learn this in detail in the liquidity section.
And now let's see what's
possible and here.  Ok
?  So in the next step the market has
given its above closing here which is here.
Now after giving this closing, this
point will become our
change of character because now the trend of the market has
converted from bearish to bullish
and this is called change of character
and this will be confirmed when the market
gives closing above this.
Just achieving liquidity in the first attempt is
not a change of character for you.  But the
market gave above closing here in the next attempt.
Ok?  So this is
our change of character and
when will our Higher High be confirmed?  When the first internal
low is taken or the inducement is taken which is at this
point.  If the market comes here and
takes it, then our higher high will be
confirmed.  If he doesn't take it then
you will have to wait.  One will have to wait
in this type of market and this internal high should be
broken.  Then when the market takes this inducement, only
then we can create your major high in this way
and this will become your complete range.
Ok?  So let's see what will happen in this.  For example,
if you see here, the
market has taken the inducement at this
point and after taking this inducement,
your higher high has been confirmed
and this inducement of yours is here
and closing of the candle in the inducement is
not compulsory.  It doesn't matter whether your candle is
closing or sweeping.
When your structure breaks
or there is a change of character
in the major structure, then it is
very important to have candle closing in it and only then
our structure gets confirmed.   So
this was our change of character.
Above this closing was given.  Now our range is
here.  Now this became our new higher high.
Now this is our higher high here
and I will change its color.  Ok
?  So our current range is
Whatever happens in between does
n't matter.  Now your structure has
shifted.  From bearish to bullish and
that's your major structure.  These
points of yours are your major structures.
In this, your number of size does not matter.  The
number of candlesticks does
not matter to you.  This is also your break of
structure.  But this is such a big
change in your character.  It could even be your little one.
Like it happened here.  Its
impulse can be very large, it
can be small and it can be even smaller.  It does
n't matter.  You just have to make your own rules
and follow them.  Nothing should be added to it
which makes its length too
short or too long.  It doesn't matter.  It is
only necessary to take your internal inducement.
He will take it.
Lower low will be confirmed in the market.  Lower high will be confirmed.
Higher high will be confirmed.  All those things will be
confirmed when your structure breaks.
Ok?  So, this is our change of
character now.  And if the market
breaks this, gives closing above this,
then this will become our break of structure
and our new higher high will be created
and this will become our higher low.
So let's see what can happen in this.  The
market is struggling right now.
No structure has broken in between
and whatever happens in between is
your internal structure.
Whether your market goes bullish or bearish does
not matter.  Unless it
breaks high.  This will be our break off
structure whenever this break occurs.  But
still no break.  This live
market is still running.  And now let's see
what can happen in it.  The market will either fall further
or go up.  What can happen from here
?  Whatever happens,
we will take action accordingly.  This is your internal
structure.  Ok?  So you must have understood
what break of structure is?
What is your change of character?
How to identify it?  This was just an
example to explain to you
how structure mapping is done?
What is the correct way to do that?
We will learn in the coming part.  What is imbalance
?  What is an order block?
What is IFC?  We are going to
learn all these things one by one.  This was your first
intro video to structure
mapping.  This
is completely advanced.  It is completely logical.  So I hope
you have understood
how structure mapping is done.  What is the
right way to do that and I will see you soon
in the next chapter.  Until then, goodbye
and happy trading.
