Hello everyone, last time we took a
 
break in the video, that break happened
because the video was getting too long, so I thought let's
split it into two parts so that
you can understand it
better and I also have enough
time, but no, the
video is getting too long, so maybe we wo
n't watch it completely because what happens
nowadays,
in the first part we had
studied the core concept about EAMA, in this video there is
also a link to the previous part below, you should
first watch that, then you will understand,
otherwise you will not understand anything, okay, so
in the last part we had understood the core concept about children, that is,
EAMA by relating it to children,
how children perform,
how the class average goes up, on that basis,
now here we understand
how to actually apply that EAMA in the live market and
what logic can be derived from it, now look, let's go
straight to the chart, now if you
look at the chart,
last time we had ended here that
whenever the market  If it
gives us entry, something like this, if
ever in the market, basically this
8, this green line is the average of 8 candles,
and this red line is the
average of 30 candles. Now, why does the average get
stretched? I explained the last part, go and see it.
Now, if it
gives us a cross, it means that the
market has broken two of its major EA
averages. Okay,
but what we were playing a little smartly here was that
first we waited for the 8 MA to break.
Okay, now we know
maybe the market will bounce back from 30 and
reverse. But if the market has closed even after breaking 30 EA, then now we know
that the market has broken both the major EA MAs.
We just have to wait for the pullback. If we get an entry
in the pullback, then we can enter.
Now, what will happen with this is that we will actually get an
entry before the cross,
so our risk reward will be quite good.
In this, we will also understand how to place a stop loss.
Everything is fine,
why does the strategy work, how does it work, I have
explained the core work behind it, now let's
understand the main topic here,
for example, here, like the market
closed here, okay, this is by the way a one
minute time frame, now
we will come to the time frame also, but first understand this, there are
two ways, if you
want something more sustainable, then you can wait for the cross, that is better, but according to
me, what I
personally prefer is that if the market has
closed, then you can enter,
now let's understand how to enter,
suppose the market has closed below EA,
now we know that 8 has also broken,
30 has also broken and after breaking it has
closed below, now whatever
pullback is to happen after that, that pullback itself
is the option for us to enter, now the biggest thing is,
suppose the pullback could have happened here, we could have
entered here or if some
people would have waited a little more, then
maybe the entry could have been here,
where is the stop loss  We will apply this strategy. Look,
this is a momentum based strategy. I had
also told you in the last part what momentum
is. Momentum means the speed at which the market is
traveling. Now if the speed is
high then it will give you good rewards, but
because of that the market is a bit volatile, it can
also cross over the average, so we will
get big rewards on this strategy,
but our SL will also increase a little. Now
what happens in this, whenever we plan, the
SL is of our swing high,
okay? Or if we are going long,
for example, long means
for the buy side, then it is of swing low,
okay? Stop loss. Now, what is swing high and
swing low exactly? Like if
you look here,
a current top has formed here, you can understand it like this, current top or current
bottom, it will be easy to understand. If
people are not able to understand then current top or
current bottom. So, if the market has closed here, then
what was the previous current top,
current top, what
high was formed before this, I do not care about that.  This is what it is
for me, so in this situation my
stop loss would have gone to the same point here,
okay, now whenever we plan such a stop loss,
our
accuracy increases a bit there, there is no early SL
hunting with us because
we have kept the swing high straight, but
what is its drawback, its drawback is
that how much risk to reward can you expect
from the market, you can get 1:1 1 2 that much
quickly, you can also get 3 4 5 10,
if you have the patience to sit, then
you can sit, we will discuss sometime later
how to trail it, but the major thing
we can prefer is because this is
momentum, there will be speed in the market,
you will see candle after candle being formed at one time
and in that process it gets
stretched a lot, so if you have to
get the reward, then
candles are coming to be formed one after the other, you can also do one thing,
if the candle crosses its high of the
previous candle, then I will exit,
that too when the  At least it has given me 1:2,
okay, or 1. Yes, 1:2 is 1:2 or around 1:2, which
means you have to be a little dynamic. The
market does not move at a fixed number,
okay, but after a swing high or swing
low, after a low, keep this in
mind. If the market is sideways, then
your multiple SLs will definitely be hit
because whenever the market is sideways,
SLs are hit because the
market moves at points and
exits after taking such positions. But wherever there is momentum, something like this.
Now look, here there is
momentum, nothing has been cooked up in between
and it is directly candle after candle, candle after candle
and it will give such huge rewards.
If one looks at it only on the basis of cross-over, then a
cross-over has been given here.
However, when that sum has stretched till here in the live market,
then a cross-
over would have been given. So, if you enter here also, then
when you have to get a big reward, you will
get it in such a candle. So,
it is for speed, if there is speed
in the market.  It will give you good results. If there is
no momentum, then the market will lag.
That's right. That's the point. Now, it's always better to
keep the price near the swing low or swing high or the current top or the current bottom.
Our price doesn't heat up quickly.
Now, before you apply this in the live market,
you have to do two things first. The
first thing is that if
you have some patience, then to
increase accuracy, you can use the basic support and
resistance in two ways.
If you trade in options, then
I would say that you can plan around the option chain, the
levels of the option chain, the
support and resistance levels.
What happens with this is that
you have double confirmation. The data is also
in your favor. Secondly, if you
understand the support and resistance of price action, then on that
basis also, if it comes near the support,
now if it is giving you a short entry near the support, then is
this stupidity or
not?
Technically, we have to look at long near the support.  It is
better for us to avoid shorting near resistance. Okay, if you say, the
market has come near resistance, then
near resistance we will only
look for short shots and avoid going long.
What will happen with this is that
a layer has been added to our strategy, which will
save us from making some blunders. Now this is a complete
method. You
can look at it on the basis of support and resistance on the basis of option chain.
Another way is,
no, one second, the
second way is that you can
draw support and resistance of slightly higher time frames.
They are a little stronger. Then, when the
market reaches
that level, you can make a move. According to
me, whatever time frame
you are entering, look at the support and resistance of that time frame on the
basis of average. If you
get an entry there, then you
can do it. Now, before applying it in the real market,
you have to do one very important thing. There are
two types of things. One is
back testing
and the other is  Forward
testing is what back testing means. You'll
see it in the back test and you'll be amazed to see that this is an
amazing thing. In forward testing,
you apply it to a running market and
plan your trades.
You first
check the results. Once the results are there, you
enter with a very small quantity. If this is a
new thing, how am I able to manage my emotions in that new thing? If I'm
not feeling well, then gradually
increase the quantity. This is how you
can use it. And it's a very good thing. Now, one last
bonus point here: do
n't be confused about which time frame you should use it. If you're using it intraday, then a
5-minute time frame is
sufficient. If you're scalping, a 1-minute time frame
is good. If you're doing a swing, you
can use 1 hour or even 4 hours. Now,
you have to understand one point: it
works on candles and price.
What are candles? A candle is simply a representation of price.
So, if you're using a one-hour timeframe,
it means that the candle is for one hour. It's a
calculation of how the price moves in one hour. If you're using a one-minute timeframe, it's a
calculation of how the candle moves in one minute. So, the same
candle, the same price. The range
widens in one hour. Suppose a candle is forming in 1 hour, of
200, 300, 250 points, and
in 1 minute, a candle is forming in 20, 30, 50
points, or 15, 20, or something like that.
This will work for your one-hour strategy, 5-minute strategy, or even
1 minute strategy. But
finally, the most important point is that
you need to understand
which zone is setting well for you in this particular strategy.
Once you understand that,
work solely on that.
In trading, it's not the case that once you understand
one thing,  Now if you
add more complexity to it then it will become even better
and if you complicate it then there will be confusion and the
work will get spoiled so once
you have understood it then you don't need anything else do the same thing again and again and again
and again. Now when you are at the beginner
stage when you get some
experience in the market then
you slowly start understanding many things on your own
for example this is 830
strategy if you work on this then
what will you feel then friend if I am doing it like this then
I am
getting better results or if I am adding this to it then I am
getting better results. So
when you are working on something
and you will enter a little bit of your magic in it
which is your
improvisation then that thing becomes even better
and then you will actually be
able to achieve real growth, this is any strategy,
any knowledge in fact if you go somewhere  But
suppose you have
joined a course or a class,
you have learned everything, that
particular knowledge is knowledge, but you think that there is no chance that I will become an expert in that
specific knowledge,
okay, I could have said that
yes, okay, okay, you
come to me and join my class and you can do very well, the
reality is not like this and I have been
saying this not just today but always, the reality is that
you have learned a pin point, suppose
a person has gained experience for two, four, ten years, you have understood that
experience
in short, you have understood the core knowledge, but
that core knowledge will work only when you are actually
giving your time to the chart, you are
adding some improvisation,
things will go very well and when will that addition happen,
when you give enough time to the market, to the
chart, it will happen
automatically, I have said it myself, if you take 200, 300, 500
trades, then you will understand it yourself, yes
actually  This thing works
very well for me, but here at this
particular point it works even better for me
and that is what is going to become
your secret source, so that thing will
not work for others and it will
work only for you because the magic is always in you, so I hope
you liked
this entire video, you did not see the first part,
watch it, this was the second part, now everything is
clear, now you know the
strategy, now we have to backtest it, if
you open two or four charts, let's do one thing, let's take a
look at it, okay, let's open a couple of
charts, for example,
let's look at it in swing,
because I swing trade,
for swing trade I prefer Nifty, I also take trades
in Nifty futures,
okay, so now we will look at this same
strategy on one hour, by the way, I have
a Nifty future running, a
short, okay, okay, now see, the
market has fallen from here, okay, right now the
profit is not very good, right now the profit is okay, okay  The
market has closed below this,
I am a little happy about this right now
that the chances are high that the market may close below this, you know,
if in this case it goes below this, then
what can I expect from the market in the next target is around this
and
if it goes below this too and closes somewhere here, then that thing will be very good,
okay now when it was here, I know,
if the case falls below this, then this has the
potential to come till here, it has
also broken out again, that
too, if we plan, we should
not do it directly like this that it just goes for it
in one go, we have to take it in such a way
that the market is
giving us instructions first, then we will go
for it, okay, now this entire momentum, let us
see on our one R, where exactly did this
start and what is
our logic that the market first broke at 8,
broke at 30,
closed above that, our entry and
swing low should be there  Does this stop loss work on 1R
as well? So, you saw
how Bank Nifty is on 1R.
If we see on 1R,
okay, now in the next video which
is going to come, in the next video we will talk about
reverse psychology.
