[Music]
 
Sick of wasting your entire day staring
at the charts? Forget that. I trade for
just two hours using a one minute
scalping strategy that grows my accounts
and frees up my day. I'm looking at a
single no wick candle as my entry.
You've never seen this before. Now, I'm
not promising or guaranteeing any
results. Just because I'm building a
beautiful mansion does not mean you
will. I just hope you can learn one or
two trading concepts that you can take
into your trading plan that I use in
mine. Now, smash that like button,
subscribe to the channel, and let's get
into it to teach you this one minute
scalping strategy. All we need is one
trade per day, 5 days, and 2 hours of
trading. So, let's go through an entire
week back testing, showing you the exact
two hours with this scalping strategy.
Really, really simple. Let's just start
with day one. It's day one and our first
one minute scalping strategy trade just
smashed the takerit. Now, how do we do
this? Let's rewind and let me show you.
First thing I want you to do is come to
freetradingview.com.
Come to the 5minut time frame and we're
going to install some indicators. First
indicator is the opening range with
breakouts. So, just click on that right
there. Come up to the top, use these
settings right here. All you need is the
custom range 9:30 to 9:45 UTC minus 4
time period 15 minutes. Then come to the
bottom right here and just make sure
you're UTC minus 4. So we're both
trading at that same time, 9:30 a.m. the
New York Stock Exchange open. The second
indicator I want you to install is the
no wick candlestick identifier. Okay,
for those settings, you're just going to
use this bearish, no top wick, bullish,
no bottom wick. Turn everything else
off. Click okay. If I zoom in here,
these are just going to show us these
Meu Bozu candles, right? This is a
candle with no bottom wick and it is a
strong level to buy from. Very similar
to a demand zone. So the first thing
we're doing here on the 5-minut time
frame is we are watching just the first
three candles from 9:30 to 9:45. You can
see right there those candles are moving
and that is setting up your range,
right? That is your range high and your
range low for the entire day. We're just
doing that on the fivem minute time
frame. The fiveminut time frame we're
also looking at the overall trend
different support levels. You could see
right here we are clearly in an uptrend
respecting our trend line right here.
Then we want to come down to the M1 time
frame here. We're looking for a break.
You could see we got a break out the top
of the range right here, but it wasn't a
good break. You want a more significant
break. So, let's continue to play that
thing out and see if we can get the
break we want. And you can see we will
be painting on these candles during this
process. Putting those maru candles to
give us potential entries. I'm telling
you, you've never seen this before and
it's incredibly incredibly powerful and
it works really, really well with our
supply and demand strategies as well.
So, here we go. We finally get that
breakout, right? But again, not a great
breakout, right? A little too soft. We
want to see something with more
momentum. We want to see a big, big
push. So, we're being patient. And this
is the M1 time frame. And then we
finally get it. Look at this. This is
the breakout you want. 1 2 3 4 5 6 seven
green candles in a row, right?
Absolutely awesome. And what happens
when we get that? Look, we get our maru
candle right there, right? There's no
bottom wick. So that operates like a
demand zone. And what we also actually
have a demand zone at that level. So
it's a good overlap. That gives us a
place to enter a trade. Why? Look, we
got the break and close here outside the
top of the range. We got the Maruotzu
candle that's giving us a place to
enter. So, we're just waiting for the
price to come back to that level slowly
but surely. And that's where we're going
to enter our trading position. Here it
comes. One candle at a time all the way
down. And then right there, we enter the
trading position. And let's go and show
you what happened with that trade. It
smashed the takerit almost immediately.
I did for my stop loss, I had it below
that mid-range line right there. And for
my take-profit, I was just taking profit
right here at recent consolidation at
this recent level of resistance right
there. Simple, simple stuff. A winning
trade. Let's go into day two and get a
little bit more advanced. All right,
it's day two. Let's get into another one
minute scalping strategy trade. If
you're wondering what pairs I trade,
look, these are all the pairs I trade
here in my market watch and you can see
me do this on stream Monday to Wednesday
every single week live. So, back to the
strategy right here. You can see on the
5minut time frame, we've got a trend
line right there. Multiple touches on
the trend line. And then it's 9:30 a.m.
So, let's play this out. 9:30 a.m.
What's happening? We set our range,
right? We set our range high right there
and our range low right there. When that
happened, we got a break of the trend
line finally and a break of the range
which tells us what it tells us we are
now bullish. We are looking to buy. So
let's get down to that 1 minute time
frame. Here we are on the 1 minute time
frame and we are playing it out. You
could see we just broke out of our range
high and now we are looking to buy.
Where can we get into a trade? What is a
good level for us? Well, I see a level
right here that's really, really good
for us already. I'm going to set up a
long position right here. See if price
comes to tap that level. Why? We have
our no wick candle right there acting as
our demand zone. Right now, we have
another one right here, too. Okay,
that's another one. Right, you can see
this one and this one. I like this one
better. Why? Because we also have the
demand overlap. Look, 1 2 3 four green
candles in a row. So, it just also
happens to be a demand level. I'm going
to set my stop loss this time just below
our range right there. Not all the way
down here because I want better
riskrewards. Something like this right
here. And then we can let this continue
to play out as we wait for those candles
to cascade to our entry right there. And
then let's slow it down. We tap in and
look at the reaction you get from that
Marubatu candle. Right? That's because
there's no wick on that candle. It's a
strong confirmation. It's a
psychological level. It's a momentum
candle. And as you can see right here,
we touched the level on a multiple
occasions, but every single time there
were buyers there to shoot that thing up
and smash our take profit. Now, let's
get deeper and deeper and deeper as we
go into day three. Okay, it's day three.
It's 9:30 a.m. Eastern. I'm on that
5minut time frame. You could see we just
set the orb right there. You can see we
had the top of the range right there. We
got the bottom of the range right here.
We just broke through our trend line
right there. That's telling us that we
want to buy. Now, we want to see, can we
get a break in the range and that's
exactly what happened right here. Price
just broke and close above that range.
Another reason to buy. So, we're coming
down to that one minute time frame. Now,
on the 1 minute time frame, you can see
we have our Maru candle right there. And
it's also happens to be a pretty good
level of demand. So that's where I want
to get into a trade. So let me set up my
long position. Something like that. See
if price can come to my level right
there. Get into a position. Have the
stop loss below the range midline.
Something like that. And let's play it
out and see if we could get into a
trade. Now we seem to be missing the
trading opportunity here. It doesn't
look like it's going to come our way.
What happened? What happened? And it
shot up. So, we missed the move today on
Wednesday. I like this entry. Now, if
you wanted, you could have shifted this
up right here. Right. We had this Maru
candle right here. That could have been
your entry right there. And if it was,
you could have got into a trade. And
based on my take-profit, it would have
been a really, really big trade. But I
missed out, right? I missed out.
Sometimes you miss out. If you watch me
on live stream, you'd frequently see I
miss trades sometimes. That's absolutely
fine. Let's go into day number four. All
right, it's day four. I'm on the
fiveminut time frame. Look, price is in
a downtrend. What just happened? We
created our range, right? And our range
low 9:30 a.m. Eastern, right? those
three candles. Then what are we doing?
We're waiting for the price to break out
the top or the bottom. Look, price just
respected the trend line right there.
Broke out the bottom right there. So
that's telling us what that we want to
sell, right? That's a selling
indication. Our trend line is also
holding the price. That's another reason
that we want to be taking a sell today.
So let's go ahead to the M1 time frame.
All right, here's what it looks on the
M1 time frame. Right, we just had that
breakdown right there. We've got a
Marabatu candle there, Marabatu candle
there, Marabatu candle right there. All
of those candles are telling us that
we're going down hard. We're going down
heavy. And there's no buyers, right?
Just sellers on each of those candles.
Which one do I like? I like this one
right here. Why? Cuz it's a supply,
right? That's the beginning of the down
move. You could also be looking at this
level right there. Those are two levels,
but I'm going to go with what the
marubatu right there at the top. So,
let's set up our short position at that
level. Be something like this. Can
target that level right there. Stop loss
can be above the range. And let's see if
we can get price to tap into our level.
So, here it is coming up. Let's adjust
it a little bit. You could see right
there we tapped into our trade. Let's
see how this one plays out. So, at this
level right here, if I was on stream,
I'd probably take a take partial one.
Definitely watch my streams to see how I
trade live with discretion. But on this
one, since we're just back testing, you
can see I'm just going to let it go. And
sadly, it's not going my way so far.
Let's continue to play this thing out.
See if it hits my stop loss. It hasn't
yet. This is taking a while, but sadly
there it goes, hitting my stop loss. So,
look, the strategy isn't going to work
every single time. If you were winning
every single one of your trades in life,
you'd be rich. You wouldn't be watching
me here on YouTube. And trading is never
that simple. But I've got one more trade
to show you on day number five that's
going to help you bring this all into
perspective. But before we get into day
number five, if you're wondering where I
trade, I'm trading with the AAA FX
broker. This is the best broker in the
business. The spreads are low, the
commissions are low. It's using the best
MetaTrader apps available. So, click the
link in the description. Registration is
absolutely free. Now, let's get into
that last trade. All right, it's day
five. It's 9:30 a.m. I'm looking at the
5minut time frame and I'm setting up my
range. Look, we've got the range high
right there. We've got the range low
right there. We've got a trend line
right here. Look, one, two, three
touches right there. And that is holding
the price down. Let's see what happens
as we play this out on the fiveminut
time frame. Oh, we get the break.
Absolutely fantastic. That's the break
of the range right there. It's also the
break of our trend line. That's two
reasons for us to buy. So, that's what
we're going to do. Let's go down to that
M1 time frame. Now, we're on the M1 time
frame. We're looking for a reason to get
into a trade. Look, we had a pretty
strong level of demand right there. Hey,
we could have entered a trade right
there and made ourselves some profit off
of that demand. There's nothing wrong
with demand zone trading. Watch my last
video if you missed it. But right now,
what are we looking for? We're looking
for that marubatu candle, right? A
candle with no bottom wick. We want to
buy. If you know you're buying, you
could also come into the settings of the
indicator right there and you could turn
the bearish ones off. Make it a little
bit easy for you. So, why didn't I take
this one right here or any of these ones
right here? Because look, we had this
strong level of demand right there. It
makes more sense for me to use this
level. Okay? It just makes more sense.
You want to have confluences that add
up. And even if you pull this thing
along right here, now you have a level
that was used as resistance, a level
that was used as support, a level that
was used as support again. And so let's
not reinvent the wheel. Let's throw a
buy position here. Let's put the takerit
at resistance. Something like this.
Let's have the stop loss below the range
midline. Our entry right there. Let's
pull this thing over and let's play this
out. How does this go? Does this come to
our level? Let's move this thing over
just a little bit more and see. Is it
going to come to our level? There it
goes. Taps in and an immediate response.
Very, very nice. Let's get all the way
to that TP. That's it. Smash the takerit
at resistance. It's really that simple.
If you like this strategy or you need
any help, leave a comment, smash the
like button, consider joining my VIP
trading room. We've got an undefeated
week going right now. The link is in the
description. Definitely watch this video
right here. Or maybe watch this video
right here. And I'll be back next week.
Much love.
