This 5-minute scalping strategy
 
surprised me. I back tested over 330
trades across three different entry
models on the 5-minute time frame and
the data was interesting. Model one came
in at 72%, two at 77, and three tested
at 86. Now, before you get excited, this
is historical testing. Back tests are
not a guarantee of future performance.
But what matters most is the structure
behind it. Today, I'm breaking down
exactly how this model works, how I
filter direction, and where most traders
mess this up. So, if you're serious
about improving your execution on the
5-minut time frame, smash the like
button, subscribe to the channel, watch
the disclaimer, and let's dive in.
Most traders focus on entries, but in my
experience, consistency starts before
the entry ever happens. There are two
core things I focus on every single day.
Step one, market direction. And step
two, entry model selection. I'll show
you both in detail using examples on the
charts. But first, let's start with
direction, a simple framework I use to
determine whether I should be looking
for sells or buys. Step one, market
direction. Every morning, I'm looking at
the Asian and London session. Then I
place my trades during the New York
session after my toddler wakes me up.
What happens in Asia and London will
tell me if I want to look for buys,
sells, or not trade at all and look for
another pair that day. I always want to
see a tight Asian range, an aggressive
push in London, and then I can expect
price to reverse in New York. It's a
simple AMD model. We have the
accumulation, the manipulation, and the
distribution. This works because there's
liquidity below and above the Asian
range. And when the big players enter
the market during the London session, I
expect price to sweep the Asian low or
the Asian high and then look for that
market to balance during the New York
session reversal, sweeping the other
side of the range. This works because
the market is always seeking liquidity
and trying to find balance. Now, if the
Asian range is too big like this, the
accumulation phase failed. or if the
London session doesn't give us that
aggressive push, the manipulation stage
failed. And in these cases, I simply
look for trades on other charts. And
I'll give you my favorite pairs and
charts later in the video. But before we
do anything else, I just want you to
leave a comment right now telling me
your favorite thing about trading, and
I'll give seven of you free access to my
VIP trading room. Now, let's jump into
the charts so I can show you some real
examples of this exact process
happening. Now, let's jump into the
charts and look at some examples based
on the Asian range and the London push.
I'll be looking for buy trades during
the New York reversal. And as you can
see, price reverses perfectly. Same
thing here. Asian range, London push,
New York reversal. Asian range, London
push, New York reversal. accumulation,
manipulation, distribution, Asian range,
London push, New York reversal. On this
one, the Asian range isn't as tight, but
the move is explosive. So, I'd still
look for that New York reversal. Same
thing here. Not a tight range, but huge
red candles on that London push. So, I'm
looking for those buys again. Asian
range, London push, New York reversal.
Asian range liquidity swept out the
bottom of that range. New York reversal
sweeping liquidity out the top of the
range. Perfect. The Asian range, the
London push, the creation of a level of
demand. A perfect place to enter a
trading position here during that New
York reversal. Entry models are coming
next. And our last example, Asian range,
London push, New York reversal. This
really works, but I have to show you how
I place the trades. So, let's get into
step two of this 5-minute scalping
strategy. Entry models. There are three
entry models. I use all three. Let's
start with number one, support and
resist. So, now I'm on the 5minut time
frame. I'm on EuroUSD. And this is a
live trade that I took. You could see we
had the tight Asian range, the
aggressive London push, and then I'm
looking to get in on a buy during the
New York reversal. So, the first thing I
do is I set up a support zone. You could
see this zone was used as support right
here, used as resistance right here. As
the London push came down, sweeping the
Asian low right here, we took liquidity
below the level of support and got an
immediate push up. So, at this point,
I'm looking to get into a trading
opportunity. Now, we got a pretty good
reaction off of this level all the way
to here. So, I could have really got
into a trading position off of this
candle right here. Kind of a we had that
bullish engulfing candle pattern that I
like to enter trades off of. But, I
didn't get in on that. I actually waited
a little bit longer. Look, I would have
won that trade if I want if I stayed
into it. But instead, I waited for this
exact thing here. So, we came back to
that support. We respected the level and
then I got my bullish engulfing pattern.
Okay, that just means that the candle
body of the green candle engulfed the
candle body of the red candle. That is
my entry confirmation, taking that trade
off of my level of support. And then I
was into the trading position and it
pushed up. Look, it almost smashed the
takerit right away. and it hits it after
about 45 minutes. Now, this exact entry
would have also worked for a demand zone
right here. You can see price created an
obvious level of demand, gave us the
entry pattern we liked, and price shot
up. And supply and demand happens to be
the second entry model. So, let me teach
you that now. Now, let's look at a
supply and demand trade I took recently.
Looked, we had the Asian range. It was
nice and tight. We took liquidity out
the top. We got the London push sweeping
liquidity out the bottom. So on this
trade, look, liquidity was swept out the
top and out the bottom, but it still
formed the perfect pattern. So I'm
looking for that New York reversal and
I'm looking for buy trades and I'm
looking for levels of demand because I'm
just looking for buy trades. And we get
a level of demand almost immediately.
You see the red candle before the big
push up. One, two, three, four green
candles in a row. A big fair value gap
right there. A break of structure right
here. All of these things tells us this
is a good demand zone if it can hold. So
what are we doing? We're waiting for
price to come back to that level of
demand. Look, we want it to respect the
level right there. And it does respect
the level. Look, perfectly. It doesn't
close beneath it. And as we zoom in
here, look, I'm starting to get the
pattern. I'm getting the bullish
engulfing pattern. The green candle is
engulfing the red candle. That tells me
we have the momentum. I'm ready to get
into a trading position. Now, what do I
want to target? I'll have my stop loss
right here below the level of demand. Or
I could put that down here. I believe I
had it here on the real trade. And as we
scroll out, let's take a look at a level
right here that I like. Okay, this was a
very, very obvious level of resistance
and support. It was used as support
right here. Used as resistance right
here on that push down. And because the
London session already swept the top and
the bottom of that Asian range, I'm not
expecting the New York to come all the
way up and sweep it again. So, let's go
ahead and play that position out very
quickly. Smashing the takerit right
there. Could have targeted a little bit
higher, but the pattern keeps playing
out. Now, this is my favorite. It's the
open range breakout trading entry model.
You could see tight Asian range, the big
London push, and then I'm expecting the
New York reversal. So, I'm looking for
buy trades. So, let's zoom in, and I'm
looking at an open range breakout. So, I
have to set my range right here at at
9:30 to 9:45. I'm looking at the first
three five-minute candles. And I'm
setting up my range. I get the range
high and the range low. Now, I'm just
looking for breaks out the top of the
range to confirm momentum. Okay, so
right here, we don't have any, right?
There's no breaks. We just have wicks.
So, I'm waiting for a break. And then I
get the break and candle close right
here. That's what I want, right? So, now
I'm looking for buys. And I'm already
looking for buys, right? Because we're
in that New York reversal. So, then I'm
setting up entry levels. Look, I have a
level of demand right there. I could get
price to come back there. And I have a
fair value gap right here. I'll use both
of these to get entries when I'm trading
the orb. So, let's continue to play this
out. Price has now entered the orb. Is
it going to break through the bottom? It
doesn't look like it is, right? It
doesn't look like it does. So, it looks
like our fair value gap is our entry.
And we have the bullish engulfing candle
pattern right there. The big candle
right here. clearly engulfing this
little candle right here. Take my stop
loss, put it below the fair value gap,
target about 1 to two. You can see if I
scroll over again, this level right here
is a level of supply and it's a level of
resistance. It was used as support right
here, used as resistance right here, and
we have a huge level of supply right
here. So, that's exactly where I want to
target on this trading position. And you
can see here it goes pretty well.
Smashing my takerit right there. Let's
see. Did I leave something on the table?
No. Look, it started to really respect
this level right here. Broke above the
level right there a little bit. Let's
continue to play that out. But pretty
good target if you ask me. Obviously, I
have videos on every single one of these
entry models. You should check those out
to learn even more. Consider joining my
VIP trading room or my trade with Pat
robot that trades these strategies for
you automatically. Leave a comment,
smash the like button, watch this video
right here. Definitely watch this video
right here. And I'll be back next week.
Much love.
