This crowd that you see coming on the road behind,
 
if these people are asked and if
you are also asked, you get two options.
You have to choose one of two things.  The
first option you have is
that you will be right in the market.  And the second
option is that it is more important for you to make money
in the market.  Now do
not confuse this thing with the fact
whether the process is followed or not, that is all a
matter of later.  But if
I ask you a question and you ask him
which one of the two things are you going to choose as an
option for yourself.  Is it
more important for you to make money in the market
or is it more important for you to be right in the market?
Most people, first
take a pause of 1 minute and pause this video right here and
think for 1 minute what
matters more to you, making money or
being right.  I am sure your answer will be
correct.  Because I
also took a poll on Instagram today.  And on that basis I have found
that 70% of the people chose that it is
more important for them to be right in the market.
Making money is less important.
And from that very thing I understood a
big problem that why most of the people
here live in loss.  If
seen from the trading point of view, then 97% out of 100%
people make loss in trading and out of which
70% people make primary loss, why?
Today I understood its reason very clearly.
Now in this entire video
I will try to explain that thing to you
so that you can beat at least 70-80% of the people and
come to a profitable state and
you can understand how
trading actually works in the market.
How does it work?  Because
I don't know how much experience you have
in the market or since when you are
active here.  You are trading.  But
you should keep this thing in mind by now.  Whether you
are a beginner or have been trading for two-three years.
In trading, when it comes to
actually making money,
70-80% of it is trading psychology.  The
remaining 20% ​​is technical.  Now there are
many aspects to that psychology.
If I start making videos on every
topic then maybe 50, 60 or even
100 videos will be made.  But in short, the first
thing that comes to mind is in which way are you
approaching trading,
what is your initial mindset when you are looking at the trade
or trying to make money in the trade
and today when I have spoken
and I am sure I
cannot even guess what you have thought, actually
if you have thought that having
money is more important then be happy about
this because your answer is correct
and if you have chosen that
being right in the market is more important then I am
so sorry, you will feel a little hurt
but you are going in the wrong way.  So
in this particular video I will explain to you all the points
so that you can try to come from a loss making trader to
a profitable state.
Understand those dynamics and approach trading
with logical actions and a logical mindset.
If we keep this particular point
in mind and
stretch it further, is it important to make money
or is it important to be right in trading
when you are taking a trade in the market.
If we talk about making money, at the
end you have one thing that boss, I have to
follow the process.  I have to follow trading psychology.
I want to learn support resistance
, learn candlesticks or
learn the market or learn anything.
My aim at the end of the day with this market is to
make money from the market.  I am
ready to do anything.  I am ready to learn everything.
I am ready to follow the process.
I am ready to remain disciplined.
I am willing to work on my mind.  I will
take every single step.  I will do everything
that will take me forward towards becoming profitable.
But if my mindset is that
making money is not important.  I have to be
right in the market.  Because when I am
right then my ego gets satisfied
that look how great a trader I
am or how great an analyst I am.  The
market moves as I say.
If you choose between these two,
you will choose the first thing more.  Because it is
probably set in your mind that you will
make money only when the market goes in your favor.  If I were to explain one small thing to
you, it is a
little off topic here about option trading
but this thing will help you in understanding the perspective
that why you do
n't make money even after being right every time and every time you are like that, there is
a saying that you
win even after losing many times, which is
supplied very well in trading.  So
if we talk about options,
the way premiums move in the market, many
times it happens like this, suppose you are
looking at today's chart of Nifty 50, if we
talk about the market, today is Wednesday, if you
look at the chart of Nifty 50 today, then you will
understand that today the market has
moved in my call side many times.  It has been moved in my favor.
But still many people have
lost money today.  Now the
simple reason behind this is that options move in a slightly different
way.  Correct?  So
if someone in the market has done some planning or
analysis today, then the market will
fall a little today.  After that I will go a little higher
also.  The market has gone up in many places today
but it has gone up while consolidating.  There was
not much momentum.  It has happened slowly
and it is very difficult to make money in that case.
So in this situation, if a person
just keeps thinking that no, no, the
market will go in my favor, until it
goes in my favor, I will
not leave my call contract.  Even if I
went to the market today a little in his favor and
went at the last moment, I will not
make money from it.  At the same time, if any person might have thought
that friend, I am concerned about my process.
My plan was to go to the market call side.  The
market is slowly going
up but I am incurring huge losses in it.
My risk management is no longer allowing me to
hold any more losses.
I should cut and get out.  Because it's
fine.  I am going to the market, let me go but
maybe it is not my day today.  The probability of that person is
very high.  Because that
person will come tomorrow means next day
with a fresh mind.  Fresh Trades will execute.  On the
other hand, the person who keeps sitting in ego and thinks that no, no,
I just have to be right in the market,
this will affect my fairness and at the
end he incurs a huge loss, then due to the huge
loss, the next day he will
come with more anger and this anger that
I should somehow recover the money from the market which I have
lost first and then I will
make profit after that.  Now I don't know how much
you have understood from this particular example.
But this is a very good
example to understand that many times the
market is going in your favor.
You are not able to make money and the
market often moves in a very strange manner.  I do
n't understand.  But still
your month closes with very good profit.
So if we stretch this particular topic
and understand this point that
what is more important in the market.   Is it
more important to be right or
is it more important to make money?  So actually
making money is more important.
How will money be made now?  Let me give you some pointers.
Very
[music]
important.  The number one point is to become
disciplined as soon as possible.  Look, now I do
n't know which strategy you are following
, from whom you have learnt it, how much
knowledge you have.  But if I
tell you one thing out of 100, that is, if
I have to conclude the entire trading psychology in one word, then that
one word should be
thrown in someone's face and said that just follow this.
That will be discipline.  Discipline of what
?  That if I know my
risk management, let me assume my capital is
₹1 lakh.  With a capital of ₹1 lakh,
my capital does not allow me to trade more than ₹2000 or ₹1000.
So no matter what happens, the
earth and sky should become one.
I may have got
any next level information or
any quality from any person, but I will
not break my rule because it
comes under discipline.  If
I break a rule one day, it means
my discipline is broken from there.  Secondly, if
I have planned and
worked hard on my strategy, I have done
thorough back testing, forward
testing, applied it in the market
and I am getting results from it.
So whatever happens, X and Z.  Now I will
not change my strategy.  I
saw someone's video.  A friend of mine
came and told me that it is working well.
Whatever happens, I will stick to it.
Because if I change my strategy even for a single day,
it means I have
broken my discipline.  If I already
know that it is not possible to make money in the stock market without
risk then there is no reward.
1 1:2 is a very normal series.
I have to do M for bigger rewards.
And if I'm not getting those big rewards.
As soon as I
see profit in One One, I get out of the market out of fear.
So this means only
one thing that I am not following my discipline.  In
this way, if you keep adding all the trading
mistakes one by one, then
you will understand that at the end
everything concludes in one thing.  That
is discipline.  Now let me tell you a very
good example of my students.
You must have heard everyone saying and
showing that look, this was my student in my community.
This was my member.  He
made such a huge profit.  He
made that huge profit.  My students have
also made huge profits.
But I cannot tempt you by showing you that.
Because my AI does not require you to do any core sales
or bring any classes.  Because
I don't have any classes going on right now.  There's nothing.
My job is to heart you.  So
I am teaching.  You have to teach from the heart
and engage from the heart.  So if
I tell you the biggest mistake of one of my students
because you are not going to learn anything from profit.
How much money a student has made or how much money someone is making regularly will
not matter.  Only you will
get a dopamine trust inside you.  But if
you learn something from the student who made the mistake,
then trust me, he will help you out a lot.
Now I will not tell you the name of that student
but I am telling you this much.  He is
from Canada.  Now this was his mistake.
He attended the class.  Last attended the class a year ago.
And this is still in
my connection.  This is how I keep my
students.  Now the thing is he
took a long trade in Ethereum.  Fine.
Took a long trade.  There is no problem.   The
capital was approximately around ₹3 lakh.
Now that's ₹3 lakh when everything went wrong.
He had a running loss of ₹1.5 lakh.  Then he
messaged my assistants that
such and such trade of mine has gone bad.
What shall I do?  So please tell sir to guide me
and leave a voice note for me and
explain it.  My assistant told me.
I took out some time and quickly wrote a voice note saying
that this is what I am seeing on the
basis of chart level.  If it were me,
I would have planned like this.  Correct?  Now I
helped.  I explained as much as I could.
I explained it to him on the basis of that much knowledge.
But do you know what the biggest problem is
?  In class When He Was There, I
taught him risk management.  I taught him money
management.
Explain all the terms of risk reward probability and how the
process actually works here
?  How to make money in the market?
What is the end outcome?  Taught everything.
Probability, Theory, Trading
Psychology, Trading Strategy, Support
Resistance, Candlesticks, Trend Line,
EMA, Liquidity, Order Block, Everything.
But you know what?  Why did he suffer such a huge loss
?  Because of a mistake.  I
heard the chapter on risk management, it is very easy to hear.
As easy as it sounds, it
is equally difficult to follow.  Everything was going well.  He
made money also.  What went wrong one day
?  Risk management was not followed in one trade.
Now I will explain to you how
that one particular trade might have trapped him in a loop.
Now I haven't talked to him.
I am sure when he
watches this video he will understand it and
will also agree with this thing.  But this has happened to me
many times in the past and if you hear this now,
you will also feel that no friend, he is
telling my story.  The scenario is that
whenever you make a plan, suppose first
I will plan a stop loss of $100.
Fine.  Whenever you plan a stop loss of $100
and when it comes around $100, you do
not cut it immediately.  You
wait a little bit.  By mistake it went from $100 to $2.
So a hopeful thing gets triggered in your mind
that friend, I had planned it.
Now it's $200.  Now
how do I cut here?  You wait for
it to reach 100.  As soon as I reach 100, I will
cut and run away.  Then Guess What?  That
100 does not come at all.  It reaches from 200 to 500.
When it reaches 500, then
this comes to your mind that oh God, somehow
I will cut it to 200-250.  I do
n't know, I have made a big mistake,
please save me this time.  And guess what?  It goes from $500 to
$1000.  When it reaches $1000, the thought
comes to your mind
that God, somehow he should reach 400-500.
I will definitely cut it.  I must have accidentally
cut right there.
I kept holding it unnecessarily.  You get angry at yourself.
Anger arises, frustration occurs.   I feel like
cursing myself so much that
how can I be such a big fool that
I know everything.  Even after that
why did I do this stupidity?  And guess
what?  That $1000 goes from $10,000 to $300.
Those who have good luck, I will use the word
lucky because here no
strategy etc. works at the
end.  Those who have good luck, the
market comes back in your favor from $300 and
as soon as the loss is recovered and reaches $300-400,
you immediately cut it, even though it may be that it is going to
cover the entire loss and
go in your favor and give you a huge profit,
but because the market has
squeezed you so much mentally that
now it comes to your mind that friend, I have only $400
left, I still have $12, 1300, 1500 left,
I will manage with that, I cut $400
and those who have bad luck.
His entire capital becomes zero.
Now if we try to catch its roots, do you
know what its biggest root was
?  You should have deducted it from $.  If you had
cut that trade at $, you would have had
endless opportunities.  Because when we are
trading, we cut a trade.
If we are doing intraday in front of us.  The
second trade takes place after 1 hour.   There was a
loss in that, no problem.  The third trade takes place after 1 hour.  That's
it.  But if
we ignore one small thing in that trade,
discipline, discipline of what, if we have
knowledge also, then the process of following the knowledge is called
discipline, right
and now this is the point which I told you completely, keep
this thing completely in hold and
connect it at the end, whenever we
think that we have to be right in the market
and we make a trade plan.  We
think that the market should go in our favor.
Many times we plan a stop loss of ₹1000
and if we
see a profit of ₹500 in the stop loss of ₹1000, then out of fear
that this ₹500 might get lost, we trade and run away.
I have given this example of 1000
that if you make it bigger then
you will be able to relate to it better.  Suppose
you have decided to set a stop loss of ₹10,000 and think that if the
market falls then I
will plan a stop loss of ₹10,000.  But
as soon as the market shows even 5000, we
immediately book it and come out so that the five does
not go away or it does not happen that if the 5000
goes down, I incur a loss of 10,000.  Because of that fear
we cut it off.  What is the meaning of this
?  You want to be right on the trade and
then be happy to see that same $5,000 profit later.
If you
choose to be right in the market, your trading
journey is going to look something like this.  Understand this thing
carefully.  If you take 10 trades, you will
see small profits.  Meaning that you
will see a green panel and what is that green panel in the market
?  That green color symbolizes
that you were right in the market.  The market
went in your favor.  You
made money.  You are not thinking about the average, what will
come out to me in the average.  You just
want instant gratification at that time and at
the moment I have to be right in the market.
Hey, mine turned green which means I am fine.  Even
now you are
not able to relate being right to profit.  But when
you close on green color, then
closing on green color means that
you have satisfied your soul.
Satisfied my bill or not, yes
I was right in the market.  I made a profit.
And guess what?  What does the graphic of
your chart look like?  Small profit, small
profit, small profit, small profit, a
big loss.  It ate up all the profits and
at the end you average out to a loss.
And those who are interested in following the process and
making money have understood
that boss, this is
not a game of being right in the market.  I have to withdraw money from this by following the market process
and by any means necessary.
Now, when it comes to
earning money, a person uses all his brain
power thinking that if I do this then this will happen
, if I do this then this will happen, if I do this then
this will happen.  If I do this then this will be the maximum.   Because of that this will happen,
that will happen.  So much brokerage will
be deducted, so much slippage will be deducted, will I have any leftover Adam
?  Have you ever done
your analysis in this way that in the coming time I will
plan a short trade, I will plan 50.   If
brokerage will be like this, it will happen like this, this will happen,
then what can be the maximum amount in it?
Meaning, this is called calculating possibilities.
And guess what?  This is the person's job to
make money.  He follows the process.
Now, if he follows the process, the market will
repeatedly reject him.  Will prove you wrong.
What will he do?  Small stop loss,
small stop loss, small stop loss, small
stop loss.  I made a huge profit and
covered all the losses and I am back in
profit.  I'm back in
profit.  And if you do
n't believe me.  Look, I will not
say that I am a very rich man.  I
am a very big man.  Or I have done this, I have done that.  Do as
I say.  I am
God.  What I am saying is coming true.  Don't believe it.  You will
believe those Billier Hatch fund managers who are actually trading
and even though their
method of trading may be different, they do data driven trading.
Their trading is quantitative based.  It is not just that you
make a plan after looking at the chart.  There are a lot of data points.
But you are trading, right?
They too can be wrong in the market.
It is possible that they
made a plan based on some quantity data and that information turned out to be wrong.  The
market flipped suddenly.
Because the market runs on sentiment and
sentiment cannot be read.
Correct?  Assumptions can be made only by understanding the sentiment.
So, are they not wrong?
They too must be wrong.  And one of
the heist fund managers is this I still
remember Steve Cohn, his name is.  If you
want to find Steve Cohn, simply search
on YouTube.  Watch this video and turn it off.
Go to search history and search.
Steve Cohn Interview.  His interview will be available there.
So Steve Cohn is running a Hatch fund.  Steve Cohn, one of the
managers working in that hedge fund, has
also given his interview.
Apart from that, those managers have also
given interviews.  Steve Cohn
said the same thing and his manager said the same thing.  Do you
know what?  At We Edge Hash Fund
Managers, our accuracy is 43 to 50%.
43 to
50% and you know what?  If I had heard this thing
7-8 years ago
or someone had told me this, I would have said that this is a crazy
man,
I am trading on the chart,
I take 10 trades, out of 10, seven
trades go right, then my accuracy is 70%, at
43%, I will
not be able to make money just like that, this is a completely upside down game
and guess what, this game
is upside down because
here I would like to add a very important and
very positive sentence.  This
sentence is from George Soros.  By the way,
both of us have the same date of birth.
That too is 12th August.  12th August I am also there.  So that
too in line, anyway now we do
not go into astrology much.  And as a trader
try to understand one of his points.
Because he's the guy who broke the Bank of
England.  His name is not good.
He doesn't do good things.  But at the
end we do trade.  So
this is his perspective on trading.  It is
not about how many times you are getting
right or wrong in the market.  It is all about how much
money you are making when you are
right in the market and how much money you
are losing when you are wrong in the market.
If I explain it in Hindi then the full quote is
that it does not matter
how many times you are right or wrong in the market.
Rather, the difference lies in
how much money you make when you are right
and how much you lose when you are wrong.
If you are right four out of 10 times
and have a risk to reward ratio of 1:5 or 1:6
and you are wrong six out of 10
times.  That is, for example,
if I explain it in numbers, then suppose you have
planned a stop loss of ₹1000.  You were
right in the market four times but you made ₹00
every time with a risk to reward ratio of 1:5 and
when you were wrong in the market six times, you
gave ₹10,000 to the market, sometimes ₹000, sometimes ₹
1200, it is not fixed, it keeps moving
up and down, so even if you take an average of ₹1200,
your total loss will be ₹
7200 and the four times you were right
with a reward ratio of 1:5, your final
profit will be ₹20,000, if you subtract ₹7,200 from ₹20,000, you will get something like
₹1,800.
What does this mean?  The profit is ₹1,000.
How did it happen?  Got it right more times than not, got it
wrong more times than not.  Wrong
[music] more times.  It has happened only
four times.  60%
is wrong.  The correct answer is only 40%.  Now I know
what the matter is.   It
takes a lot of patience to hold such huge rewards.  The
first question that must have come to your mind is that what
you are saying is right but
where do I get so much patience from?  When I hold in the market, the
trade goes at 1:2 and I hold at 1:2
thinking that if I lose
today, I will still make 1:5.  She turns from two to
asset.  Whatever happens, it will happen.
To avoid this,
you will have to work on high probability setups.
I have seen the funds working exactly as they are
, I have met them, talked to them, discussed them.
Not on such a large scale, but
on a smaller scale, there are many types of sub-age funds
or there are
many types of institutional traders.
Everyone's method is different.  But at the end, no
one is sitting and doing this scape scape scoop scoop scoop scoop all the time.
They have a set process.  And I
can guarantee that in the set process
it will definitely happen that we will take only high
probability trades.  Because
why would a person who has Rs 5000 crore need to trade every hour?  Think about it.
That will work only with high probability.
When the iron is hot, he will
try to strike it with a hammer.  He will not waste his energy on cold iron.
High probability setup.  So if you
follow high probability setup then you will reach
profitable state.  And second,
change your perception.  The Way You Look Into
Trading.  Like you see trading now.
Trading is very much the opposite of that.  I
explained in an earlier video that all our
normal beliefs and the way we grew up
prove to be wrong in trading.  If you
come and work too hard, you will end up over-
trading and incur losses.  At the same time, I am
currently making YouTube videos, so let's
assume how much I am earning from YouTube right now.  If I upload a video daily,
how much will my income be?  It will increase fourfold.
But if I'm trading and I'm trading let's say
four trades.  If I
trade 10 instead of four, the money I made in those four will
also be lost.  It just happened that the
day the crash happened,
Monday Black Monday, I had taken options on Black Monday and made a
profit of something like 490000.  There was
only a capital of Rs 5 lakh.
₹4,90,000 on a capital of 5 lakhs and then
took another trade.  ₹00 was made in it.  Around 5 lakhs or something like that
pay day close.  I thought if I had worked hard then
sorry, now I will trade, I will trade
, I will trade.  I will work harder
, I will work harder.  I had already put in the hard work
in planning.
BTS seal
time on Friday.  After that, when the result came, there was
no need to work hard anymore.  I had to work hard sitting quietly.
Sat quietly, took the profit and
went home.  Cash it out.  This is trading.  This
point of view has to be understood
[music].
So in the end, if I have to summarize,
how will you actually reach a profitable state?  Number one, change your
perception.  Don't sit in ego.  Get out of ego.
The market gives you stop losses.
Accept it.  Believe that the process itself is such that
you will be wrong 60% of the time and
run after such a system that even if you
are right only 40% of the time in the market, you will still make money. If
that is not happening then it means you will have to
continuously chase and work hard until
you get that system in which even
if you are right 40-45% of the time in the market,
still you are able to make money, then
what will happen from that, whenever you are right 50-60% of the time then you will make a
lot of money, you will enjoy it
and that is going to be your biggest
year, month and week.  Number two is be
disciplined.  A little
goes a long way as far as possible.  As per the edge in, you
planned a stop loss of Rs 1000 and have to
take it at Rs 1100.  No problem.  ₹1200 up or
down it's fine.  But remain disciplined.
Be disciplined in following risk management.
In following the risk to reward,
be disciplined in following the number of trades.
And remain disciplined.
Show up at the daily market.  It happens a lot.  Show
up daily, practice daily, you will become
1% better every day.  And the last most important thing that
I also try to follow.
Why did I take a big risk?
If you look at my last options
trade, it was in the money account.  I
have multiple accounts.  So there is a money account in
which I keep showing the profit normally,
yes, I created it so that
people will understand, yes brother, this
person is also doing something.  It is not that he just
comes and tells me.  I just didn't make any money and that's all.
Right?  So just because of that sec
I show it sums and everything I
plan and because that is a very high
probability trade.  I
took a little extra risk there.  So
similarly, you have to
focus more on high probability trades where you are going to
increase your risk a little or if
you actually want to take a profitable trade then
just focus on
taking only high probability trades.  The
definition of a high probability trade, in short, is one
where the market has a
high probability of moving in your favor.  Those
could be multiple confirmations.  For example,
you saw from the latest that the
news was negative.  There is a problem regarding tariff in the market.
Now the
market trend is also negative.  Here,
if I take a short side trade, I will have
more chances of getting more profitable than going long on the
long side.  So I will
prefer the short side by ignoring the long trade.  This
was just an example of what a high probability trade actually
means?  Where there is a
high percentage probability that the
market will be in favor.  And this is all about how
you can actually step in and
become profitable in trading.  And last but not the least,
you have to stand out from this crowd.
And you have to come here.  Be
clear, be specific and achieve your goals.
All the best.
Om
[Music]
