After watching this particular lecture, your
 
forever and ever regarding trading
All the doubts are at the initial stage.
Everything will be cleared. Now Jitney
I have explained it well here.
You might have never seen a video like this.
Because actually when you do it properly
If you sit down to explain, it takes time.
And I have absolutely written everything here.
Explained with clarity. Now Joe
The things you will learn here are that
To actually start training
What would be the first step for
Is. I have told you this before also. But this
In the proper manner with clarity
It is going to happen. Because this is a clip from the class itself
Is. And this was my plan since long.
I was not getting time to shoot. But now
Finally I am doing this for you. You just
This is the work to be done. Take everything with pen and copy
Have to sit. And trust me after this you
No need to watch any other video
Will have to. Whoever you think is not
Yes, I have to guide it. Let me correct it
I want to tell you that actually this is
There is a sequence to start. my points
From the off view I explained the best of the best
Have tried to. If you want, do it with them
You can share the video. And you can
Start your journey. more time waste
I don't. Let's go straight to the video.
And the most important thing is that now your trading is right
No one can stop it from starting.
Let's
Go. Got it. Ok fine. Ok. No
Problem. Started now. Yes. Got it. So
You understood now. What is trading? Brother
Who doesn't know if they know this first?
What is trading?
Exactly? So trading what is
Trading? We have bought anything at one go
Got it done and then sold it. thats
A trade. Now if we repeat that again and again and again
Doing the same thing again and again is enough
Trading. End. that it. Now this I
Why did I tell you? because many people
There will be doubt in the mind. just go ahead
You will learn how to trade in stocks.
How to do it in options, how to do it in futures
I have to do it, I will explain. Butt in your mind
The core principles should remain clear. Ok?
Anything we buy and sell and use it again and again
If you are doing it repeatedly then that is trading.
clear? Yes? It's not clear. Clear to
Everyone? Give me a thumbs up. I Can See the Thumbs
Up. I Hope Everybody Can See That Thumbs Up
icon on your screen.
Go to Reactions. Clicking in reaction
Do that thumbs up. Ok?
So that I can get the feedback that I understand.
I have arrived. Got it. perfect. Don't raise your hand yet
There is no use because right now these
In the middle, I will not get distracted.
Ok? I don't want to get
Distracted actually. then I will not
Take any question. Now, yes, I will tell you
I have been. Just tell him yes to me.
In yes and no. If you say no, I will do it again
I will repeat all those things and emphasize
I will do it well. If you say yes then go ahead
Will increase. Ok? Now You Know Technically
What is a trade? Now let's move ahead.
The second thing is once you understand this
It was said that this is trading. second question
What comes to mind is where you are trading.
Can you do it? This buy and sell thing is
Where can we do it? Now on this
Let's come. So
We have three types of markets.
actually
Four. Four Types of Markets
There. Stock market.
crypto
market
Sorry Forex
[music]
end commodity
market. We have four types of these
There are markets. These four types of markets
You can buy and sell in it. Arshad now
Put your hands down. Ok? you got
It? Did you understand this point?
Four types of markets. in the market
I am not asking what happens
Right now I. It just needs to be clear that
Is. Yes. Ok fine. Four types of markets
Are. Meaning you have four options.
What is right, what is wrong? I will tell you now
Ahead. Doing it correctly where and in what
Whether it is there or not, I will do it with everything.
But Technically We Have Four Kinds Of
market. Stock Market, Crypto
Market, Forex Market and Commodity
market.
Now these markets are of the markets
There are segments inside.
Ok? Like what is the stock market?
The stock market is a very big thing. They
There are three types of segments in the stock market.
would have
Are. You understood this, right? stock of stock
Market does not mean that it is straight
Bought something in the market. This should not happen
Can. It is also important to understand that we
What all can you buy by going there? So
okay stock market so stock market
So it is a very big thing. what's inside it
Is? Where can we trade that?
Inside the Stock Market. this point is clear
yes
Went? Only then you will understand that segment point.
You will find out what segments are.
you got this point
No? Isn't it? Did everyone come? Give me a quick thumbs up
Everyone take a turn. If everyone has arrived
Just show me a thumbs up.
Ok? And right now, everything is fine today. From
Next time make sure to log in with your
Real name. If you do it upside down then the team will
Will block it. Then don't tell me later
Speak. Sir, I am blocked. Ok?
So the real name has to be joined. and when
You are asking questions
This turn on your video. Ok
Now you have got this, what is trading?
I'm repeating so you can dot dot
You can connect everything well and understand it well.
I know what trade is, anything which
If we buy and sell, then that is trade.
It's done, repeating it again and again
That trading is done, now that trading
Where can it be and which ones?
There are four types of markets in the market
Stock Market Done to Do
Crypto Market Becomes Futures Market
Sorry, the forex market is over and commodities
The market has now become inside this market.
Is there a segment or not? This segment
We can go and take the trade. Correct
Is? If we talk about the stock market
So there are three segments in the stock market.
Are. The first one is cash. Well, I'm trading
I am talking about. Investing
I am not talking about investing. So
Don't bring this mutual fund to your mind.
Speaking of trading anything you want right now
Is. We will discuss only after trading.
Now. Okay, first one is cash market. Cash
Market means cash market equity market
You can also say it. Direct share market also
Can speak. Buying and selling of shares
to do. So these three kinds of are the same thing.
Ok? So the first segment is
Gone is our cash market i.e. direct stock
To buy or to sell. I just told
What is trading? anything we
If you are buying it and selling it then
Technically that is a trade. So if we have a
Buying and selling shares repeatedly
are, buying, selling, profit
Trying to squeeze out a little bit
So that trading happened. Ok? Got it? So
Did you understand this? equity segment or these
Is the cash market clear for everyone? show me thumbs
Up if if it's clear.
Or Rohan, type your doubt or not.
Write it down, write down your doubt, it's okay, it's over now.
I will ask questions a little further.
Let's move on, I will ask whoever is here.
Questions will be asked in 1 second.
Segment Second Segment
Is
Futures The second segment is futures
Is. We will understand what futures are later.
Just keep this in mind that futures are of one type.
is the segment where trading takes place.
Be it equity market or cash
A segment. Cash market is a segment
Went. The futures market became a segment.
Ok? Trading takes place within futures
Is. It's a segment. of the stock market
Inside it's a segment. Then third is options.
Ok? So where can we trade?
Are? You can trade in the cash market.
You can trade in the futures market
And can trade in the options market.
We have three types of segments.
And this is called FNO. FNO
Meaning Futures End
Options. Got it? Or even derivatives. all one
It's the same thing. There is absolutely no need to be confused
Too. So, in the stock market, we have three types of
You can trade in three ways. Cash
Market, direct equity buy and sell
Futures
Market is fine and options
There can be three types of things, so trade
Now I understand what a future is, what an option is.
Don't worry about it because it hasn't been told but
You should be clear that there are three segments
Are their segments clear to everyone?
everyone
It is clear till here, now if anyone here
If you have any doubt then ask me, I don't think
This will be it's way
Simple Recorded Class
I am pasi thank you so much thank you so much
Harshad thank you so
Mach one second you can see this
questions that are not visible so that these
Is everyone seeing the questions or not?
so that you know you have that thing that
No
Yes Everybody Can See The Question Na Ye
One minute is coming after writing a direct message
I can't see you, wait a second, let me
Where could you get it from
So I don't use it much
Zoomia. We said ok, just look, I have turned it on now.
I probably did.
We approach the unlisted company ourselves
you will have to
Ganesh himself you approach me, please give me your word
Give you the equity and take the money you can
Become the Partner OK
Okay, does anyone have any questions?
It's not clear, we are moving slowly.
Even when the car starts to move
She wakes up in the morning at the speed of two zeros. Then
After that he picks up speed and it goes to
50 60 70 All clear to everyone. any doubt
No, not even anyone's? perfect.
Ok? Moving forward
Are. All this happened in class. anyway.
Have you all seen the recorded class or not?
saw? Because I can see the track
In that. Whoever hasn't seen it, tell me now. who
Haven't seen the recording class.
Yes, everyone has seen it, those who have not seen it type
no who has not seen type no good a
Anurag did not see, Anshuman did not see
I haven't seen it fully, okay Alok Singh, no it's okay
Watch Half Fine Finish Candle Sticks Only
You are far behind, you are not yet complete.
It's okay, no no, okay, just look at it now.
Whose no no, there are some lectures left
No problem, now see and understand this point.
There is no problem, I just turned it off.
There is no problem with Diya Chat but whose
If the answer is no no then you should accept it.
Imagine yourself as a human being
He has watched all the lectures and kept them.
Are. He somehow managed to find time and do everything
The lectures are kept after watching. the same thing
It is repeating again. So his
Where will the understanding level go and one
There is a person who has not seen it at all.
And now he is being told something completely new.
Where will his understanding level go?
So there's going to be a little bit of a gap
Between you and him. Ok? So now he
How can you fill the gap? record pass
Is. If you get time, put it in quickly so that more
Understood better. Ok? The Stock Market
Of
comes again later
Crypto. There are two in crypto right now
Things.
Spot Sorry Three Actually
Futures and Options
Ok. What is a spot? The spot is the same
Is. Just like there is a cash market there, so is there here.
There is a spot. Although both of them also
Technically, it is a cash market, but both
The names were changed to different ones. Crypto Language
In it it is called spot. But he is
Same as cash, meaning buy and hold.
When the price increases, we will benefit from it.
thing. Ok. Three types of segmented crypto
They also occur in.
Forex, Futures Bus.
Ok? any act of currency restriction
Does not happen. Only futures
It happens.
Commodity, futures you can
Ho end options you can do. two types of
There are things.
Ok? I hope you understand this
To you.
So much I don't want any of you that her
Keep this doubt in your mind. You know, I found out one
It's been a week and he still doesn't understand.
I am wondering what this will do to me in the future.
Is. Meaning future age in this Indian
What are the segments in the market?
Because every thing is proper to the other thing.
linked in a manner. So you pay a lot of attention
Need to keep it. I will repeat
One turn. Ok? Completely from the start
Quickly. Now first of all, the very base line
What will happen? No one knows anything. No
Know what trading is. so what
Is it trading? Any single thing that we
Bought it and sold it. This mouse I
Bought it for Rs 5000 and sold it for Rs 6000.
It's a trade. And this takes Rs 5000 every time.
I am selling it for Rs 6000. repeatedly doing
Am. I am doing it again and again. it's a
Trading. Ok?
Where can you do trading?
This buy sell buy sell over and over again. You stock
You can do it in the market. You can buy crypto
You can do it in the market. So you are trading in Forex
You can do it in the market. You Commodity
You can do it in the market. Ok. So these four
There are different types of markets. Now there are four types of
If the stock market after the market
We talk
If we talk about the stock market, then cash
There is an option. We buy shares directly.
Yes, we sell it, that is one segment.
After that, there is a futures segment and
Options is a segment. So keep in mind
These are different segments. Ok?
If we talk about crypto, it is cash only.
It's called a spot here, but it
Consider cash as the future of the cash segment.
Segmented and Option Segmented
If we talk about Forex, then only futures
There is only one thing and nothing else, right if the commodity
Talking about, futures is a segment and
Options is a segment, that's it, okay.
He has no idea how to start it.
Karega to Lavanya you are there in recorded
Class Right and Now You're Alive
Correct. So I think your half is still there.
It must have already been in your mind. clear
will be. Clear all other things here as well.
I will take it well. Ok? So what did we do
Are? Let's do a little revision. Slight
Revision. What that will do is create dots for you.
It will be easy to connect. So this is this
This is how we will proceed. Ok? So tomorrow
What did we understand? Fuzz One is running its own.
First Step in Fuzz One Trading Someone
Doesn't come at all. Absolutely Absolute Zero
It is on. So what is the most basic thing to understand for that?
What exactly is trading?
So if we buy and sell anything
If you give it then technically it is a
Trade. And if we repeat this again and again
You keep repeating the same thing
Again and again and again and again and then it becomes
Trading. Correct? This is a very simple concept
Trading. Now focus here. The second thing is
Did you understand? Ok? Ok. Trading Ye
it occurs. It's simple. which gifts
Are there markets? So crypto currency
The market is there for cryptocurrency
The market is called the crypto market
Then the stock market is there forex
market is there and commodity market is
There, okay, these are the types of
markets and then later on those markets
There are segments inside so if the stock
If we talk about the market, there are three segments
Gained cash or equity is the same thing
Future segment than option segment if
Futures when it comes to the crypto market
Options and cash there is cash there too but he
called a spot
When it comes to Forex, only futures and
Talking about commodities, futures end
Options. These are the market segments.
Ok? Now we understand what is the cash market?
Is? You can directly share in an equity
To buy and sell. in the same manner
What does spot mean in cryptocurrency?
Is? Direct crypto buying and selling.
Suppose you want to trade spot, then it means
What happened? You can go and buy Bitcoin directly.
Took. Bitcoin went up yesterday. To you
There will be profit. It will go down, there will be loss.
Will hold. Somewhere someone with some zero hero
Expiry color is not a scene and you
You will get the same amount of money as you invest.
You will get the goods. It's like that. You Future
Spot leverage average is not available
In. What is the benefit of futures?
In futures we would have got an average of 5x
Is. Correct? So if we normalize with let
Are trading. If we have ₹1 lakh
If we take a lot of futures, we
Goods worth up to ₹5 lakh can be lifted in it. And
We will treat it for around one month or 28 days.
You can hold it. Ok? After that
We will have to leave that. Good crypto's
What is Futures and Forex?
Futures. So is the case with Forex. Future
The concept is the same for everyone. just both
The slight difference is that in crypto
You can adjust the leverage.
And in the Indian market it is fixed that
Will give only 5.5x or 5x. in some only
You get only 3x. Some get 8x
Is. But now everything between three and 8x
I've probably only been around 5x. crypto
You can adjust in it. Taking you 5x
Take 5x. And there is a need to increase and heavy risk
If you want to take it, do it 10x and take heavy risk.
Do it 20x. Up to 125x in Bitcoin
You get leverage. That means from ₹1 lakh you can get ₹1
You can buy goods worth Rs 25 lakh. profit also
It will happen accordingly, the loss will also be accordingly.
Double or triple ₹1 lakh in one go
Whether they will come or go. This simple
The concept is leverage. Ok? So this happened
Markets and their
Segments. If we talk about commodities then
Leverage remains the same in commodity futures
Lasts around 5x. Because we are Indians
If you are trading in the market then Indian
The market is like the same. something like a rocket
There is no science in it. Ok? Now After
This What Happens? Let's take your segment
I understand, you understand the market and you
Understood that this is what trading is. After that
How do you trade now? So most
The First Thing You Need to Know Is
Charts.
This is the base of trading
because whatever analysis you do, whatever
How will you create a view in the market?
By looking at the charts. Ok? that is first
Thing. Now
To understand how you will understand the charts
We have to understand
Technical analysis. Basically, the chart
The reading is done and it is called
Technical analysis. Ok? everything inside him
Something comes up. Then whatever strategy and this
Support, Resistance, Price Action, Same
Everything comes under that. ultimately
Technical analysis is something that charts
It comes in handy for reading. Ok? Now
Now if you want to do trading then its base
If you have charts and want to read them, then for that
Technical analysis. Simple.
Ok? I will come to that later. Good
Let's Say Trading You Know and You Know
I need to read charts to trade.
Will fall. Technical analysis for that
Have to learn. Correct? What you need before that
To know what types of trading are there
Is.
Ok? Make sure you take care of this thing
To Connect Each and Every Dot Properly
From. This confusion should not arise later.
I have told you everything, now you are confused.
swing trading how to swing trade
How do I do swing trading in this?
Basically you have to get the exact idea
Okay, let's understand what it is now.
types of
Meaning of Trading Now Types of Trading
What are the types of trading?
Well, what we understand so far is that the future
There is a segment, there is a cash segment,
There is an option segment. All these segments
And yes, don't get confused with the options. Option
It is a big chapter. Option to Option
We will understand it in a specific class. Ok? So this
Don't think that we skipped the option.
No, it is a little difficult option. Technical
If it is more, we will understand it later. Correct
Is? What is In Short in Butt Option
As if your money will be saved in the future.
Loss is deducted and it is recovered. money in options
It becomes completely zero. He will understand further. But
In short, what we understand so far is futures,
Cash or options, these are all segments.
Keep this in mind, your these all are
Segments. You trade in these segments
Do you plan? Ok?
Now what comes? Types of Trading. Hey
Types of Trading Meaning of Trading
What types are there?
Ok? If we say one word, let's say future
Trading So, is futures trading a type?
Is? He is not a type. Option Trading
Is option trading a type? No. They
Not typed. Trade in the cash market
to do. Equity trading is a type
Is? No. These are all the segments. Cash now
If you are working in the market then equity
Trading. Working in the futures market
If there are futures in the future segment then futures
Trading. Working in the options segment
So options trading okay I mean
Now, okay, when you know it,
You think, oh, such a simple thing in front of you
How do I not know that I understand okay?
I will also go after learning something new, so I too
Someone would know beforehand, so would think
Like hey what dumb question is he asking
Doesn't he know this much, but he doesn't know
So I don't know, but you have to summarize it like this.
I have to do it myself, okay, now we are coming.
Types of Trading Pay
Then you will also link it to Hum Sab Dot
Last
In. So we go from the safest to the riskiest.
Meaning from the safest trading to the riskiest
Will move towards Ok? If seen, this
Descending order is going. Now first of all
comes
It is positional training.
I am explaining it to you in this way and
After this, I will also give a summary of it in the end.
It's very good that this is okay, let's understand it.
It has happened so that tomorrow it does not remain that
Oh, I didn't know, I knew
No, it's okay not to keep this in mind.
I should because yes, I know that, but
I know this is the reality of it.
Number one is positional trading.
Meaning we are in a particular segment
They sit in a position for 6 months, 7 months,
After doing this for a year, we took our position.
He remained there. Ok? That's positional
Trading. for a long time frame
Is. Keep it in your mind. Six Months, 7
Months One Year Like This
Then swing trading.
What does swing trading mean now?
Is? In simple terms, whenever now a little
I will show this in the chart, I am better
To understand
Come. Didn't understand? Don't worry. Let's
So he fell down.
Let us go
good if
We are going to show this chart exactly.
There is a lot on how to use it and what it is.
Well, here's a video on trading tools.
I taught this in the class itself, so this
These are basic terms like this trend
How to draw lines and how to use them
Video on how to use it
Today it will be uploaded it's a part of the
The process is fine, but let's see, I think maybe
will be right now already already is it not
Has anyone seen this? Maybe I have not seen this.
Has this been uploaded? How to Use Trading
There is a video with views on it
no or not
Look, it is half, I hope everyone has seen it.
will be. Everyone must know how to use it in trading
It's okay to do it, if you don't know how to do it then look at it.
Once. Okay now let's come back. Now swing
Where did the name trading come from? swing
What does it actually mean? Look at this if you
If you look at the entire chart now, what will you see?
It will be seen that it is not the case that the price will move from here
When it started increasing, it went away like this.
Price didn't go. Move the price like this
Ok? So what now? as many times as he halts
Taking it, then went up, then took a halt,
Then he went upstairs and then took a halt. speaking to them
Are
Swings. Right now it's going up. So this
The price has been made like this. If it's coming down
If it had happened, it would have been like this. Ok? a swing
How does the swing go like this?
Moves Like This. So if you're swinging
If so, how will you say yes it is a
Complete swing. once it is complete
And it will come like this. Meaning he has a whole
A good amount of area has been covered. This simplicity
This is the explanation of swing trading. So
Basically, you have to time the market.
I have to make a swing. Now a swing like this
So it is not that two or four candles will be made. One
Swing takes time. like example
For if I take it from here and up to here
I should do a major. We can measure this with the scale tool.
Can. From here to here, major tax
I am here, it has taken me 14 days and 16 hours.
Just the concept of swing trading in short
That is what we do in swing trading 1
week, if 2 weeks is too much then 1
We hold our position for a month or two.
You can do it and keep it. basically to the market
Time has to be given to create a swing. Correct
Is? That's swing trading. Ok? Third
Come on term. Third Term
Is it intraday trading?
Correct
Is? Now I am explaining the type to you.
Don't be confused. All right. I am trying
To explain you types. Then comes
Intraday trading. of intraday
Meaning a trade which is completed within one day
to close you
Is. Meaning what to buy, what to sell
It's 14 days to a month. intraday trading which
Do it, however you want to, within a day.
Buy and sell
Gave. Look very simple, those who don't know
Don't know. But those who know it, they know it very well.
It must be sounding simple and silly. Oho
We put so much into such a simple thing.
Why do emphasizing? Butt one
This is the line between a professional and a beginner.
There is a thin line. Like if a professional
I know boss, I am at my time today.
The market is moving volatile. So I know
that intraday trading in the market is mine
I will take it. So he already
There is absolute clarity as to what intraday means today.
Do I have to finish whatever needs to be done today?
The trade also has to be planned in such a way that one
No hold for more than a day. Meaning market
Closed, my trade closed, work finished. As much
Simple and you know easily I am saying it
Yes, it is equally difficult. Because when loss
If it happens then I feel like holding the loss.
Go. And that's intraday.
Do gets converted into intraday.
The second day it becomes meaningful. Ok? It's
New Word. so intraday shouldnt be a
Intraday it should be intraday only that same
Day ok fourth which trading style is it
cold
Scalping Scalping Meaning 5 Minutes 10
minute 1 minute 2 minutes like this means from 1 minute
We hold ours for 510 minutes.
Do not hold the position for more than that
Sometimes such byes happen within 40-50 seconds.
Did one candle increase such a boom then the target
Our hit hum
out thats
Scalping. So now we have four types
Types of trading discussed. and this is
There are only four types. Apart from this and
There is no type
Trading. Ok? positional trading,
Swing trading, intraday trading and
Scalping.
Now you understand this much, right? I Hope I Am
Going very slow and simple. tell me
Just chat quickly once. so much understanding
It came out very clearly, didn't it? All Clear
Let me tell you about BTST. What is BTST?
BTST is nothing. Just made it now
We these people. Why has it been made
BTST? That tomorrow it will open gap up, gap down
Will open. Because of that we were able to capture something.
Try it. tell me what is BTST
Is? BTST Hota Hai Buy Today Sale
Tomorrow. Meaning we say goodbye today and tomorrow
Will sell. So plan something like this
that we will say goodbye today and accept it tomorrow
The market is about to open up. So we
The chart has to be viewed in such a way that tomorrow
How can the market open? That we already
Understand it.
That's positional trade is Parth. Can We Do
Intraday scalping do anything. Dznt
I will tell you the matter now, I will come to everything.
I have been there before, it all depends on you. Whatever is right for you
Looks like he can do it. Ok? Look and understand
My job is not to teach you strategy.
Just because you will gradually understand further.
It will come that the market is different for everyone.
My job is to make you a trader. that that that
Explaining a complete ideology that this is the boss
Reality. It shouldn't be like that, just yeah, okay
Is. We may have learned any strategy
Gaya Trading. Now let's do this. and it
There is no success in that. Ok? So
You will have to understand the whole ideology. As
Let me give you a for example. you relate
You will go. When I was in my initial phase
I was like it seemed that something came out of nowhere
If I get the secret, I may find out from somewhere that this
How do people trade? You know and Joe
Are professional traders. I am from a human
found. That's quite his age. I just thought
I'm around the age of 65-70 something. those 35 40
He lost years in the market. And he is a
Big shot. So when I got a chance to meet him
So then I asked him that Sir, I mean if I
If I want to do well in trading, how do I
should I? So he said simple two terms
He explained to me that look, it is a simple term
is a gambling term that you can do with your mind
Take it as you feel
It will be seen. That second thing is that
If you actually want to understand and
Capturing big market swings
So you will have to learn everything. To you
You will have to learn microeconomics. Micro
Mac
geopolitical you know events how what
They are exerting influence. Like Fedor's today
The rate cut had an impact on the market.
Ok? Then there's the sentimental.
Analysis is saying that everything is at the level which
You will get the catalyst, right?
Just what do you say? any such strategy
Or not in some you-know-magic way.
will get. That's what you. my lid open
At that time. Same thing is with trading. And I
I want you to understand the perspective that I have.
Trading is on my mind. he understands
Went. Then you will also learn to stay inside. Three
Like Asad is saying, there is no emotion control.
Is. I haven't been trading for three months.
Am. It is still trading today. 150
Because of the class to show quantity
Get
Is. How? It is possible that you may sit for three months.
You can do it comfortably. Everything is there. The capital also
Yes, I also have knowledge, you know, I know the market
He is moving so well. I know that I
Can Make It Still Chilling Out.
Patience, how did that come? So this whole thing here
Whatever I have, I want all of you to
Download it. Ok? Now back to the flow
Yes now.
Ok? Rest of the questions by the end of the
Session. So I'm repeating this one more time.
I am back. positional trading
It is around 6 to 7 months. You are the view
I mean, when you plan, when you
If you do analysis, then this is how you
Do you analyze that in 6, 7, 8 months
I'm going to stop in speed. if needed
I will stay for even 1 year. irrespective of the
Market conditions suggest a Fed rate cut today.
Is. Inflation data came yesterday. this is it
It's gone, it's done, the market is going up and down
Yes, it doesn't matter. If that's my view, I'll be on it.
I will take it with me or I will place my stop loss.
If it goes straight then I will take out the stop loss.
Then take yours. The second is swing trading.
We hold for around 14 days to 1 month
Are. Not specific, depending on the
chart. The duration of butt swing trading
That's about it. sometimes one
Trading targets are achieved within a week
Are. Ok? Then there is intraday
Trading. We have to close within a day.
Our position. Singles Day. Then there is
Ok? 1 minute to maximum 10 minutes
Inside.
Now you know why it was actually made
Has gone? Or why have these things become famous?
If I go to a professional and see this thing
I will tell you, will you laugh at me?
Ok?
Why? Because now we come to reality.
This is fine. You understood it. In reality
There are only two things.
Day
Trading End
Call it swing, call it long term, call it short
Whatever the term,
He said that it means there are only two zones. There is a zone
That I would do day trading. inside the same
There is also scalping, intraday within that.
It is also there, everything is within it. The first zone and
The second zone is swing trading, call it
Or short term trading, long term
Trading whatever it is. means over a day
He is also going to
Everything is going into swing or position.
This is the professional's view.
But why was it created? there is a
One Very Good Book. The name of this book is
Trading in the Zone. Has anyone read it
to book? Ok? I am doing everything. Now!
It is already there. Pay attention to all chats. because
I want this class to be
Interactive. Have you read it? Who has read it yet?
Say that. Only the one who said it should say yes.
Two. Ok? Tanish has read it. Tanish me now
Summarize and tell what is trading in the
Zone book?
Summarize it in two or three lines. who made it
I have read it on the basis of my experience.
It doesn't matter if Lana didn't read it. I understood
What will I give? But tell me your experience
Give me a what is reading in the
Zone. Now what do you understand from the book which has
I will explain what I have read.
What We Expect Is What We Don't
Expect Psychology: How to Trade When to
I did not understand the trade, I did not understand that much.
I know this much
No, I understand a little bit
came It's About Finding a Zone and
Shivam found his comfortable zone in trading
Understand, good good Shivam, that was a point.
controlling emotions it's a part tanish it
A part, it's a part of the journey, but most of all
One suitable answer is that of Shivam that it
Finding Your Zone and Comfortable Zone Too
Trade in now what happens a ye jo nazariya
Why is it important for beginners to
In the beginner's mind, this
If I am doing intraday then
Intraday's die dynamics
Is. This is the scope. This is the zone. outside the
I don't want to go. no matter what happen. If
I am sitting down to do scalping
This is the scope of scalping. outside the
I will not go no matter what happens.
Because if things go up and down, the beginner
He will lose his capital. He doesn't manage it
Will be able to do it. If someone is handpicked by a professional
Believe me, the trade is also coming out, professionals.
No useful stop losses
Assume their trade is running
The quantity lying is 15000 quantity
20000 quantity example now 15000
What is there in 20000 quantity for only ₹10
1.5 lakh 50,000 is going up and down
Even if the market ever slipped out of their hands
All of a sudden he handle
The first thing they will do is cut their losses.
Do they know how to handle this or not?
They have to do what they have got with time.
No one can make you drink it by mixing it. that's a
Fact. So from their perspective, these two
Things are just that. But from your perspective
Why is this important? so that you understand this
Go ahead, this is my zone. me out of it
Will not go. For example, let's say
You
One. Well tell me this before I release you.
You will find it. Who wants to lose money here?
Is? Tell. Who wants to lose money?
Is? Who wants to lose money here?
Tell me from your heart, it means exactly like this, right, ready
If you are not ready then it is okay, you will have to lose.
wants to
Who already wants to lose fine loss?
Which movie is that, put it on, I will ruin it.
Well who's here to lose
ok already done it, today there was a loss, okay
I'm telling you why I'm saying this
Because this is a general human behavior.
I don't want to incur any loss. Now when we
Trading very well if dynamic
If you don't know, do you know what will happen? If
You are not very late, I am confused.
So okay, I learned scalping.
Is. Let's say I took a trade. that trade
I took it for 2 minutes. a candle to me
Did you see anything like that in the chart? I
Took the trade and that was scalping. Now
There was a loss in that. Now I can't cut any losses.
Is being done. So I sat on hold
Am. Maybe it will be covered, maybe it will be covered
Will go. Then what happened? Scalping Key
The trade was made
Intraday. This happens very often. ever done
has someone
As such? Maybe it will be covered. would have held
Are. Maybe it will be covered. Lots of ACs
I. It has happened to me too. from all over the space
Let's go. so therefore
This is the difference between you know training and you
What to understand if you are scalping
You are like, this is your zone.
Ok? If you are doing intraday, then this
Is your zone? You're swinging, this is your
Zone. You are positioning yourself, this is it. this point
Did you understand? Types of Trading Right Here
Did you sit or not?
Went. Then I further link this to the segment
Let me tell you how to link it.
Kanishka got it clear. Clear Jenny
Done. And whom else? Meenakshi, Neeraj,
Rizpal, when Anurag, Akash, Neeraj tell me quickly
Quickly.
Nischal Nischal feels bad on hearing the name
Sometimes. Nischal Don't Take It Personally
But the name of the CEO of Wzerx is also Nischal.
still
Shetty, is it clear to everyone or not?
Nischal tell me is it clear or not?
Vignesh Ujjwal, Sneha, Prajakta all
clear
No? perfect. Ok. Now a point
Understand. Is this point clear?
Now a question arises that this
Trading Styles: Actually Know This
What is it? All this, all this in one place
Go and get summarized. that happens
Time frames.
Trading by flipping the time frame
The style will keep changing. This is just the reality
How? We went to our chart. Ok.
Here you are up
You will see that I clicked on it.
Time frames have come here. No
Starts within seconds. then 1 minute, 2
minute, 3 minute, 5 minute, 10 minute, 15 minute,
30 minutes, 45 minutes. 1 hour, two, three, four
Hour, 1 day, 1 day, 1 week, 1 month, 3 months,
Six months, 12 months. and then custom
Ranges also come. Ok?
Now I will tell you the time of intraday.
Frame. Then I will tell you about scalping.
I will tell you about swing and then positional.
Ok? So what will you understand? which this
There are trading styles, that's all actually
What's in it? what is this reality
Is? switch is
two time
Frame. We are in different time frames
Will keep switching. Meaning our trading
The style will change. Did you understand this point?
have you got this
Point? Tarun did not come. I will repeat.
Listen. Whatever the trading styles
Be it swing trading or positional trading,
Be it scalping or intraday, all that
What do you actually rely on?
On the time frame. So it is completely wrong to say
It will not happen that there are so many types of trading
What is all that actually? Time
switch the frame
to do.
Just this core concept
Is. Of Stiles. Now
How to see.
I put here let's say a time frame.
Gave. I chose the one day candle.
Ok? Now do you know what one day means?
If I put one day, then this is what you
They are seeing a lot of such figures.
Let's say candlesticks. I am sure everyone
You must know this. So this one candle is a
Representing the day. Now tell me this
whether I alone, looking at a candle
Should I call you for tomorrow?
That you can take tomorrow's trades just by looking at this.
plan it
Take. So just by looking at this you don't
You can sit with confidence, right? A little planning
Will have to do it. Risk will have to be managed
in a manner. This is for a whole day. and one more
So it means that one day time frame is intraday.
Can't go inside.
Ok? So now this is a simple example
Was. Now
Look, whenever we do scalping
Are. What are the times for scalping?
Are frames used? used for 1 minute
go
Is. Used for 5 minutes.
just above him
Jana does not suit the nature of scalping
Will do. We can use it for 1 minute and 5 minutes.
When it comes to intraday
There we can use it for 5 minutes
Are. There is another one, use it for 3 minutes also
Can. But now more people also give fives
If you have it, keep it at five for now. 5
You can use it for 15 minutes, or you can use it for 15 minutes.
can
And you can use it for one hour.
Are. To plan intraday trades.
Ok? On top of that, the Four Hour Daily,
Weekly Dozen
Matter. There is no prohibition on watching, but more
It will be of no use. So you are just a
You can get ideas direction wise. Now
If we talk about swing trade, then swing
Trade
I can use it for one hour
Are. Write the show
You can use it for four hours
Are. 12 Hour One Day One
Everyone can use it for one week.
We can do it by making multiple combinations
Swing Trading. Ok? positional
When it comes to trading, daily
Time Frame Monthly Sorry Daily Weekly and
Monthly
Daily Weekly and Monthly 1 hour 5 minutes
what am I doing in stock or what are I doing
This is the market, it doesn't matter to me if I die.
It's okay not to pay attention to
So now what is all this about time frames?
The switches are the same
Take these points separately and then note where you are
You are making it, write it down and keep it in your mind.
If we are scalping 1 minute
And you can use 5 minutes time frame.
Because we don't know how much scalping we do anyway.
Do you want to drive it? For 10 minutes. So, let's say 5
Even on the basis of one minute candle, if we
If you go and get two candles instead of one
It went big and very
Is. You can use 5 minutes for intraday trading.
Are. You can use it for 15 minutes. One Hour Use
Can do. specifically how to do it
I will tell you the analysis later. But this is the
Thing. For swing now because swing is
So it will take 14 days to swing.
If you do one week like this then give me one week
If you look at the market for 5 minutes, what difference does it make?
What difference does it make to watch for 15 minutes?
If yes, then what is the minimum criteria for it?
It starts from one hour, one hour four
hour because even in one hour if the market
If you want to make a swing, it takes four, five or six days.
So he will take it, you understand it like this, right?
The ideology behind Everything Has a
Very Strong Logic in Common
Sense got it so we have day we have this
Scalping
Intraday
Swing One Hour Four Hour Daily Weekly
Combinations and positional now take us 8 months 7
If you have to sit for a month regarding any trade
What will the market do in the last 1 hour?
What will it do to us in just one day?
What do we have to do with it, we have to see that
next week or last two to three weeks market
How can I move so that I can feel a little better?
I can plan from then after that monthly time
frame
what in two, four, five, six, seven months
Is she going to mark it? So what difference does it make
Is it 5 minutes, 10 minutes, 15 minutes or an hour?
Or watch 4 hours in positional now you got
The Logic Now
All these trading types are alright.
Now where do people get confused?
Sir I want to do swing trading. What
I can swing trade futures
Am? For how many days can we hold the future?
Can you? Tell me in the comment section
I want to quickly tell you these chat points.
Pay. How many days can you do it? one month one month
Can hold. How much is a swing trade?
Does it last for a long time?
Average 28 days.
Correct. Swing Trade a Month. from 14 days
14 days a month a month 3 months
So the position is gone. Ok? Samatis Jata
It's 3 Months But Let's Try a Swing Plan
If swing trade is done then actually
34 Didn't Plan for Four Months
Caste. It took a week and a month to get into position.
So when we can hold futures 1
For the month. So, swing trade means
It is possible in that. Because that is the time
It's all a game of frames.
Should we sit and take a position in futures?
Can it be 6-7 months old?
Don't sit. What needs to be done for that?
Simply buy the stock and sit tight. I
just done
Is. There is one stock A there are two stocks. actually
Both are of oil. One is on the other
The second is Indian Oil.
Corporation. 25% off I'm In. my position
The plan is around Rs 12 lakh. I diploid and
My target is to produce 30-40% gases. 25%
I am in
It will go down a little further. I have my levels
Set. I'm buying on levels. tell me an example
I have been just like this. Ok? So what now
will be?
Eventually, how much will this position cost me?
Is? It will take 6-8 months. already
There is a plan. So I can't do it in the future
Yes, no, I can do it as an option. So
What have I done? sat down by buying stocks
Am.
Waiting for a year even in 8 9 months 10 months
Paddy and I have The Wiz for about a year.
I will
Hold 30 40% Returns I
You understand what you expect from trading
Everything is properly preplanned in advance
And that is the zone now lets say OAGC stock
Yes, the news comes tomorrow 6%
down so if my stop loss zone is
Boss, I can't stay under it.
If it goes down, I'm out. If
If I go below that, I will sell it tomorrow and come out.
I will go. My stop loss was hit. Loss taken
No problem with the market. But if it doesn't feel
It is happening so yesterday OAC was down 5%
The day after tomorrow it will rise by 10%.
It doesn't matter to me. Got
It. I have seen this meme
No? I've got it?
Simply need to be completely relaxed. Bus
You have to understand all and just this is how
You.
Ok
A Who did you learn from? I collective
I took information because there was no one to teach me.
I was not ready at that time. which is very
They were good people, they did not teach or eat.
Were. He has thousands of crores of rupees lying with him.
Is. And the people who taught were
Strategy used to run after strategy
Always have a strategy, always have a strategy, always have a conceptual strategy.
If no one explained it properly then from here
Collect information from here and there
Was the debt mine in the beginning or not?
Sometimes if I go ahead let's say you know if it if
It happens when it means a little more
I am more active in content creation.
I think I started in January.
Six months after I created the content
about I think two lakh 2 lakh something something
I had become a follower and at that time I was like this
Sometimes I was taking free classes while sitting in the car.
It used to happen. Similarly, YouTube in that ZM then
People started pushing and said, Sir, you
Do your class, do your class. I said whenever
I will do it, I will do it solidly. So for six to seven months
So, there was no time. then after that time
Start adjusting. And that's how
It
Started. Correct. So It's All About Time
Frame. Yes. Now tell me the types of
Trading Clear
No? Will be on the dead end right. yes yes
Aditya. So it will be on dead end at this point
Is it clear? So now you have the clarity.
What do you know now? Again I Am
Trying to connect all the dots for you. Now!
Do you know what is trading? You Know.
Types of Markets You
No. Segments within the market you know.
Future Options Cash.
Ok? The debt then comes to trading.
Are. How will you trade? what is its base
Is?
Charts. How will the charts come technical
With the help of analysis.
Okay, we will understand that later. This is after that
It is a part. But what about the middle before that?
Types of which types of trading
it occurs? Let us know.
People keep saying I'm into scalping.
I will do it. I am a swing trader. My
There is no one who is a suspending trader. I am a scalper
Am. I am an intraday trader. ok this
Those Scalping Intraday Swings
Position. This is from a beginner's point of view.
What about from a professional perspective? means if
I am teaching you to teach you. it
But what about my perspective? my perspective
Is it day or swing? Now that swing
Sometimes I'm going on six or seven months.
Then maybe I'll be here for a week.
Should I take something with me? But already in mind
I only plan to get this by this day.
Have to hold on.
Ok? Like there was a stock. I tell you
You should go and check your back now. have to track
This. There was a stock. The name of the stock is. Now!
I also have it
In. The name of the stock is SAIL.
Well, I said goodbye in the last class.
I think from the last class both joined
Did you join again, who joined?
Did you tell me from last class, tell me one
message me once and then they will tell me yes
Shaan is Shaan is there okay so
Abhi Shaan will tell what happened in the last class
I bought a stock, that's fine.
I entered around the rate of 114 112
What was my vision at that time?
I would like to hold the stock in such a 8-9 month time frame.
I am also looking at this, I bought the stock.
500 in
There was a purchase of something worth 6 or 7 lakhs and that was 500
400 something went up to some profit. I have these
Shared with people. Then from there he
The stock fell further. All the profit is gone
500 profit plus 14,000 in total negative
Then he went further down. I have shared that also
With these people. Because my view
He is only six months old. So in short, I
What is happening? It doesn't matter.
If my stop loss is hit then I am
Out. Went below 100 I am out.
I will hold still. What happened after that? They
From -4,000 to plus 1 lakh watch now
I have just made a high of 127, I came the day before yesterday.
Think this happened last week. Then what
Happened? The market has just fallen in the last four, five, or six days.
Then she came down now, think 20,000 plus
It is visible. 1 lakh plus were 20,000 plus
Then I don't need it at all. This 500 to 1 lakh
My target is two lakhs only, out of which two and a half are directly
3 lakhs minimum minimum has to be made over the
Span off. from lats
78 Stocks that are for short term like
Now today Ishan, why did we trade today?
Thee and you there which we took intraday trade
There was that U-turn candle
Pay good he was not able to join so
Basically what we did is you turn a candle
I will explain you the logic
We entered it in the chart and
Slightly heavier word words above an inverse
I'm looking at an inverse fair value above
There was a gap, so I was set in my mind that only till here
The target is not to hold too much.
Price went there and took the target.
Came out. And It Was Live
Forest. Now in that I though my view is complete
It was bullish. I also said earlier that this
By doing my view is bullish. This is some reason
But the market also suffered a lot due to this.
In that. But no regrets because he
I took the trade on a short time frame.
I have.
All right. Yes. Indian Market in Forest
The market will have the same time frame. Beans
Time frame Ganesha for now so same time
frame some other adjustments that are
I will tell you about Forex, I will go ahead and do it.
You share your trades in the club community.
Will share I will share he will remain active
It's not just me, there are other people in it.
I will hire also to work on my means
Like I don't type all the time.
If I could, I would manage those things.
I got it done quickly and sent it and gave me the frame.
properly and then he post it like that
He will come with me only but he is also having the
Access is fine, I will post it after doing so.
Trades and All Them Trades I Will Post
I just saw that I put a schedule
I have put mine in, I am going to do this.
Instagram's broadcast community
I just said that on the broadcast community.
I have shared it in the club and in the club I
It has been said that everyone has their own schedule.
Make it as you can and only
It's not about trading, we will trade
I will trade live, I will share it.
Besides being productive, we have to
Evolve as a whole is to evolve
Trading is fine, it will definitely increase, but
We have to evolve as a whole so I'm for that
I will also push them an extra
Let's see how this initiative goes.
People. If even a few people's lives are made, it's fun.
Will come. No I will feel very good and
Proud. I will let you know about the club community later.
Now. You can read the whole thing Neeraj. Correct
Is? So that was it, what do you say about it? A
This time frames and all. Ok? Now!
If you have any questions here, you can
Ask. Ok? Tomorrow we will understand how many
I think we understood four to five steps.
For. Phase one of. from here onwards
What happens? There is a term which is called
You should know how to buy and sell in basic terms.
Needed Ok? I will explain
Here. You have understood the type. Now
Do you know what the biggest thing is?
Order
Execution. You should know this very well
Well how to take trades?
How do I enter quantity? How to type
Have to do it? How to place a stop loss?
How to set a target? How to Cover Order
Is it used? You know all these terms.
Should be. There is a full on this too
Tutorial that will be uploaded today. I
Think it will already be uploaded. Ye Buy Sell
Isn't it a tutorial? do it in
will be. I told the team to upload everything
Videos to do in the last class
Had happened. Is it there?
Yes, it is also on YouTube and on YT.
It is also uploaded at both places, so make sure
That everyone knows how to buy and sell. Although I
I will also explain live trade in live.
When we start doing it, but still
You should know. Correct
Is? It will be the same. tomorrow difference time frame
Yes, the exact time frame will be the same.
Ok? I still have some more questions you can ask.
Ask. We Done. From tomorrow we are technical wala
We will start the aspect.
ok all the videos are uploaded in w
T7 Yes They Are
There done thank you thank you all good now all
Please look clearly and keep this in mind.
Define Hazing in Few Terms Now
I have to do it, why I have to understand it in a few words
When we want to understand it completely, then in a good way
Hazing Hazing Ko To We Will Cover An
options only
Okay, I will see your questions one by one.
A Hum Stocks A Stocks Trade at Open
If you do then Dhan App
Leverage is not giving money sir
NSC is predecided if we invest in stocks
and stocks
If the trader chooses the option then
There too we get 5x leverage.
But that was only for a day and that was all
Available from brokers. Beans everywhere.
Ok? Day and Swing Repeat Look Scalping
And intraday, all this is within day trading.
Anshuman comes. and whatever else
Trading that is for long durations
Is. 2 days, 5 days, 6 days, 8 days, 1 month,
2 months, 6 months, all those swing categories
goes into.
Ok? Basics all clear. You are welcome sir.
leave it yes ok all clear all clear all
Clear All Clear In The Money Out The Money Later
things of
ok all clear
Perfect One Question From Leverage What
Santosh tell me your hand is still
So all clear perfect kaun sa beginner hoon
Which is the best for trading what
About zero, zero is fine, but I use it.
I am not doing it. I have a promotion for
Had come. I found the interface very nice
No. So then I did not get him promoted outside and
Nor what do you say? I got it used. So
I can't tell you how it is. I grow
I am using it. I am using money. Angel
I am using one. And what was the other one?
Grow, Anjal One, Dhan and Zerodha. These four
I have the applications. All of this
I think it's right. Ok?
This happens in all but not in leveraged money apps.
No, the rich will sit hiding.
The leverage norms are the same as those of NSC.
And SEBI decides that money is not in their hands.
Dhan is the best for
Beginners watch if you ask me
Which broker is most trusted?
So I would say the angel butt is the most
Who is good at user interface or things
Quick is in what
ok how do you find it
Akshay? You don't have to find it. You
You will choose trading option in the stock
So that will give you that leverage. And if you let's
If you choose your future then you will have to calculate
have to do it. That leverage is there in everyone.
Ok? Yes. How to trade in futures
I will tell you that later. Sections with futures
In. Ok? Basically, options futures and
Option: We will take two days to cover the
It actually takes three full days to do it.
Two days for options, one for futures
Day. So there you will understand by searching one by one.
We will see. Ok? And we live all this stuff.
do
Basically. So the theoretical class of options
So it will happen during the day. But the rest of the
Practically, we will do all that in live.
Ok? All right. A
or santosh you ask your
Question Santosh, can you hear me? Yes sir, yes sir
Sir sorry
Hello yes sir in which basis can we calculate the
Leverage what sir in which base why now
I am getting airborne like this
Keeping the speaker so like it it's like sky
Padi it doesn't feel like I'm you no having
A Conversation With
anyone please tell time frame again ok
I will tell time frame again Kanishka I
Don't worry, it's okay if I can't attend your
Current Live Lectures for Some Days
donation
Obviously Swati, look, if anyone's
Missing class and if you are not able
To Join Live Class, Sub Class Recorded
Everyone will meet, don't worry and they are going
To dare with you for till54 4 till that
You will have a recording or a class like this
Plus I think I saw that
Validity is there
Till54 Be Patient Yes Everything Correct
Correct correct hi sir I am sorry friend
actually i doubt yes turn on your
Camera
ok make sure the question is being asked
Turn on the camera or don't ask any more questions.
Because I Don't Feel Like from the airwaves
I am talking about it, I should feel
Like or not I can talk to a person
I am trying to do this but no option is coming. Here
Telling You Can't Start Your
camera because
It probably doesn't turn off from here.
Yes, look, check it quickly now. is it
There?
Or
Yes
Sir, actually, Sir, actually, I have this doubt.
that when
When you trade in options, like
When I sucked his option in pickle motor
Whose expiry is on 26th December
So there is no leverage in the option.
I will understand it in options from 40 onwards.
Leverage up to 75x if calculated
If you are going to do
Okay, those options are that leveraged.
I will understand. Okay, don't worry. a little
He is complicated. Ok
Done. So in which basis we can calculate
Simply how much goods are we lifting?
What is its real value? Versus us
How much money do I have to pay? that's how you
Can calculate. ok or akshay your
Question. Akshay, can you hear my voice? Satisfaction.
Yes yes sir, I am coming. I'm running the
Question. You told me, right? be good
Went. ok fine fine ok thank you santosh
Your
Question Santosh Tanuj Your Question Yes
Santosh is there or Santosh
You are not audible Your voice is not audible
What
Happen no audible my voice is not coming
Can't hear you Santosh, I can't hear you
Your no no audio, no
Audio. No audio. Ah Tanuj your question,
Meanwhile?
Yes. Yes sir. Hello friend sir. hello.
Sir, I want to tell you a little about my personal life.
I want to talk to you. Everyone is bored
Will go. We will talk later. Ok? All
You will get bored. If something very intense
If so, text me in the app itself.
Ok? I will read right now. Just
Now. Just now. Ok? ok or voice
Drop a note, okay, okay, chat session.
me sir text chat me app chat me right now
Just send it so that it comes to the top now.
If I go then I can see and reply ok ok
ok ok swat your question
Hello sir are you audible yes yes you are audible sir
First of all I am really very grateful
To see you live and it was really my dream
Come true as I told you earlier as well or
Thank you so much sir I wanted to ask you
Once this live course if once it's
Completed right so after completing this
Live Courses Can Overcome Technical Analysis
Work on the Crypto and Forex Charts
Well yup yup yup yup yup it will work and
In fact, we also trade in crypto.
Will trade in Forex also ok
Okay, just to see, basically, it's not like, yes.
It will not be like that we just
Indians are doing marketing. We will do
In forex crypto age well. because it would have been
what happens that the price is and
The logic is the same everywhere. just everyone
The way of behaving is different. or ok?
So it's like that time in the Indian market
If the duration is less then it is like first
Two Hours and Second Two Hours Are More
Volatile. The middle one is completely neutral.
And cryptocurrency is like ah neutral,
Neutral, neutral. But whenever the session changes
If it happens, then they suddenly spike. So
Specifically, cryptocurrency gets a lot of
Lot of volatility in New York session.
All the other few sessions remain cold. Correct
Is? And when it comes to forex, then some
There are pairs which if made from let
Euro is USD so Euro is USD very
There will be more volatility in the New York session.
Similarly, if GB is GPY then it is Asian
The session will be volatile. So this is just something
Duration is required. Something You Know Works is Here
And there. Rest of the concepts are the same.
There is no change in this ok ok ok sir.
And I wanted to ask you one more question
I came.
I wanted to ask you sir will you even teach
How to Build Strategies for Trading
In Indian market? Yes yes yes that's the man
thing because see now later on you will realize
That in trading it's like it's different
For everyone. or correct that is the biggest
Reason why no one can make money using the same strategy
He is making it. We learn the same strategy
If it is there then we don't make any money from it.
It's different for everyone. if you understood
Your mindset and its base pe rakh ke hum
If you do some work then it will go correct
Correct correct yes sir yes sir thank you thank you
you so much
You made $ to $39 very good darshan which
Rejection made with candlesticks and
Dominance vs.
One Darshan Which One Dominance Candle Very
Good Very Nice About Markets and Stocks
Which website has the news in Money?
Control IC two applications I use a lot.
The first is money control and the second is
Financial Times. very simple in that
And presented things elegantly
She goes. So that seems pretty accurate to me. Meaning
Not very piritic. Such money control
What's in it? It is very messy. Few
Service. Ok. I'll just show you. I will
Show You Both
Things. Money control then you must have seen.
This is what I have. I have the pro va
Pro Wala Thing. So some more insights
I should get it etc.
And then I have this financial life. So
What's in it? Everything gets very good
Everything comes in its own way. Clean Knight Thin
Nice and clean. Okay very organized.
Alright, perfect. A thank you so much Gopi.
Ok. All clear now, see you tomorrow
Are. Please yes in Hindi like Bigg Boss
Don't worry. Don't worry. Now if not then now
Somebody is there if you want to ask him
Personal Questions English Its
Fine You Want Right Now Parents
ok i wanted to
Become the government of okay okay Tanuj I
Will to Tanuj if your parents want or else
Your sister wants you to work.
Government it's fine if you both manage
can you do it fine do it trading is
Like this is not that, this is not a sprint
That I just finished two months of classes and then I spent 8 months
Remain active in the market. Became a trader.
No, this is a marathon
Is. I am also learning new things
Daily. In fact, I am having a lot of chills right now.
I am roaming around, chilling here and there.
This is what I just added to my schedule.
Broadcast on that six of January from
It will start and last around 8 months.
Will go aggressive. Very
Aggressive. After that What Will Happen?
Then I will relax a little. So
Why am I giving him time so that I can
I can read books and gain knowledge and
I can get involved. So it's a marathon. don't
Think Like This. It's not like you need to let
If you are getting an opportunity from there.
Let's Say If You Are Getting Government Job Get
It. Because you will understand it later.
that money to make money in trading
Should be. Ok? A simple example
I will give it to you. Let's Say If Somebody Is There
near which a
₹10,000 On the other side there is a man with him
₹10 lakh 10,000 person in 1 week
1,000 made. What percentage did it become? 10% only
Will be like hey, I still have to do more and do more
Have to do it and do it. The one with 10 lakhs gave 1 lakh
Made. 10% percentage of both in 1 week
It is 10. But one for 1,000, one for 10 lakh
Is. that the that one's 1,000, one's 1 lakh, 1
The lakh will remain chill.
So if you get the opportunity it's fine.
Don't think I'll go anywhere else
The reading will stop. No, it will never
Stop it's a marathon. ok alright
perfect. That Was It See You Tomorrow. Take
Care. This was the end of the lecture. This way
There were classes and in this way I
I teach. I'm sure you've already
You might have seen classes, but people only 1
Taking an hour or half-hour workshop and telling
Let's leave it. Because ultimately everyone's goal
The first thing that happens is that the money comes. Money
I understand it is important, it is fuel,
Everything is there. But ethics matter more to me.
Matters do. That's why you should take these classes
It seems that even one hour classes are divided into two and a half
It has been going on for three hours, four hours. and the
The reason is that I sit down to teach, so
Actually I forget everything.
Nothing happens in the mind. and mine
My whole heart and soul were on teaching at that time.
It depends on how well I keep my things
so that every person in front
Students can learn properly. So if you understand
I have come, that's well and good. If in doubt
If so, please let me know in the comment section below.
Ask. I will try to reply.
And if the response is good then lecture two
Will also come very soon. It's all up to you
Is. Let's see how this goes. All the best and
See you in the next one.
Om Om
Om
