All right. So, as you can see here, the
 
deposits of $1,000 is actually $1,10 to
be exact, if y'all can see it. Um,
$1,10. Of course, like I mentioned in my
live stream and in the Telegram chat,
that we were overall we had to pretty
much restart, right? So, we had built it
up and then we had to overall we got to
rebuild it, right? So, just showed y'all
the $1,000 deposit and then I am eyeing
this setup on gold. So, let me show you
real quick. I pick y'all up. Bam. All
right. So, this is what I'm looking at
on gold as we can see here. So, we had
an impulse. Let me get y'all right real
quick. Uh, we had an impulse that broke
this structure here. So, impulse, we had
a correction. Then, we had a transition
structure of the correction. We breaking
and retesting this counter trend line,
this blue trend line right here. So, I'm
about to hop in sales potentially um
about a 400 pip stop loss to gain around
well or 1,200 pips. So, if we go to our
compound sheet, type in 400 pips or
actually we already got 400 pips stop
loss. So, it tells us about a 08 um for
the overall risk and we'll be risking
around $300 to possibly make around uh 3
to1 risk-to-reward ratio as it shows
here. So, what's that? risking 300 to
make around 900. So, I'm just waiting to
see how this next candle closes if we
get a bearish engulfing or if we will
reject this little level of support. So,
on the fence about waiting to enter this
move, but overall, let me get y'all
right real quick. But overall, um this
is pretty much a solid setup that we can
be looking for to take advantage of.
Right. So, that's what I'm looking at to
start the night. It is Asian session.
Currently, it's 8:15 in the a well in
the evening, I should say. Um, so 8:15
in the evening. Asian session has been
busting on gold. So, hopefully we can
take advantage of this move and short
this down to our buy level. Um, I'm
looking for potential buys later on this
week, but I don't think price is quite
ready yet to actually buy. So overall,
like I said, I'm waiting on a little bit
more confirmation and I'm going go ahead
and take this trade and hopefully we can
bag these quick little pips um for Asian
session and then still capture some
moves for New York session tomorrow. So
that's what I'm overall looking at to
start Asian session tonight and we got
to run the $1,000 challenge back chat.
So it's nothing it ain't nothing like
obviously we did that in what,6K in 2
days. So not worried about it. Remember
like I mentioned though it is a series
of trades. So, um, 20 straight trades
and, you know, just seeing where we
could take it. So, there's no set in
stone number that we looking to take the
account to, but over 20 trades. Um,
where we like, let's see where we at,
right? So, I know a lot of y'all been
asking how much are you risking in the
comment section. Like, obviously, you
can see here we are risking around 30%
per trade, right? So, that's what
um I have been risking. And the reason
why I'm risking that much is just
because I believe in my myself and it is
a challenge right now. I don't suggest
y'all risk I don't suggest y'all risk
that uh what's it called? Um 30% at all.
But this is a 20 trade challenge and we
will see how far we can take it. So with
that being said um yeah we looking good
to enter this position here. So we
looking pretty solid. So about to go
ahead and enter. Change this to 08 and
then yeah let the party get started
chat. So, let's go ahead and hop in this
cell and then our stop loss uh was it
above these highs here and boom. Let's
get straight to it, chat. It is almost
bedtime for me and my daughter. So,
yeah, I'm about to go to sleep, go ahead
and lay in the bed and I will check on
this trade. Well, it's either going to
hit stop loss or it's going to hit take
profit. That's the reality of it. Like,
I'm I'm definitely not one of those
people that's going to stay up all night
and watch the trade. Like, I set my stop
loss, I set my takeprofit levels. I let
the trade do what it do. So, currently,
like I mentioned, we in a little draw
down $68 in draw down. But,
um, yeah, I'm about to go and lay in the
bed and I'll wake up and see where price
is at. So, I'll update y'all in the
morning. But other than that, I'm going
call y'all back. All right, chat. So,
update on the trade. As you can see,
we're falling ing, 1300 in profit. Now,
you can see the balance is $1470. It's
because I added another entry. Let me
show you real quick. I added another 04
um when price pulled back when it was in
some draw down while I was laying in the
bed or not a 040 zero five and I had to
take profit set to the lows of here
right so these were the lows here that I
set it to obviously you can see that
price has dropped crazy and I don't know
why but I guess I didn't set my take
profit for um the sales last night for
the 08 so that's why this one is still
running but you can See, we floating
$1,300 in profit off of 08, which is
crazy. So, if we were to close right
now, the account would be at 2,800. Um,
we was damn near we was in the the
lowest it went was we was 2,100
65,000 profit. That was the the furthest
we went out. Um, I'm probably about to
just go ahead and close it here because
um, we hit this major level of
resistance here and we starting to
bounce. So, like I said, probably about
to go ahead and close this position and
then just take this and then we'll be on
to the next move. So, I just drew this
little minor structure fib here. So, I
may not close it just yet because this
is still technically in a downtrend
until it takes out this lower high
point. So, I might just trail my stops.
So, I just drag this stop loss down here
and I can have it up just above like
this 88.6 and that'll be $1,100 in
profit. So, I'm going just do that and
then that way I can maximize the gain of
this move. Now, if it stop me out, it
stopped me out. But still, like I said,
take advantage of this move with this
overall position, right? So, that's what
I'm looking at and we will see if we
reject from this area and continue to
fall. All right. So price ended us
stopping us out when we retraced past
that $88.6. So currently the account is
sitting at $2,600 and then show you all
the account history as y'all can see. So
the very first sale we took was the 08.
Like I said, we added another position
that got closed out last night. It hit
take profit. I don't know why the 08
didn't go hit take profit, but overall
between those two setups, we made $1,600
in profit. So, we'll see what we can
find this morning. I have a live trade
session with my students around 7:00,
but currently it's 6:53 in the morning.
Um, so I'll update y'all later, but I'm
about to lay back down and put my baby
to sleep. All right, so we closed our
position once price kind of pulled it to
the 88.6 retracement. We then got this
pullback, but in the meantime of that,
we did have a break of structure. So, if
I look on M1, you can see that we had
this break of this lower high point
here. So that is a overall brand new
impulse. Then we have a correction. Now
I'm possibly looking for another
continuation on a one minute time frame.
This is just a quick scout. So I put my
fib from point A to point B like such.
So just waiting on this last little
correction leg to um pretty much begin
to show that buyers are stepping in and
then we can take a quick buy like such
and then possibly target the -27
[clears throat]
takeprofit like such. So, a move like
this is pretty much what I'm overall
eyeing um for this morning. Now, we did,
like I said, we had that selloff that we
mentioned and we had that sell-off that
we mentioned and then we came to this
level of support here and this is also a
trend line bounce. So, this is a solid
area to be looking for possible um buys
from this area um and then possibly ride
it back up. So, that's what I'm overall
looking at to start the morning. And
then from there, we will just kind of
from there, we'll just kind of see what
price does. So, uh, yeah, just the
update. Then, as y'all can see, I'm
still in the bed. So, I still got my
daughter right next to me. Um, so I'm
going to try to give y'all as much
update as I can, but that is the move
that I'm overall looking at to start the
morning. So, we'll see what price does
and if we can get some buys uh leading
up from this area. All right, guys. So
just took those gold bars that I was
mentioning it before and then didn't get
to record it when I pressed it but we
are in a little bit of draw down. Um
went ahead had entered when we had this
bullish
um engulfing signal here and on the M1
we were looking we were looking bullish
right so like I said little draw down
but um stop loss is beneath these lows
here. Kind of risky entry simply because
it was on based off the one minute time
frame. Hopefully, we can start to see a
transition in structure on the smaller
time frames. Um, so we can get that
pullback, right? Because we've been
dropping, literally, we've been dropping
all night as such. So, we do for a
correction, probably come back up to
this level right here and then fall
again. So, that's what I'm overall
looking at to start today. And then,
like I mentioned before, I have a live
trading with my students at 9:00. So,
I'm about to get me some breakfast right
now and then once I finish eating
breakfast, hop on with them and then
hopefully by the time that I hop on with
them, um this move back in profit and
then we can take take the same trade
with them. So, that is what I'm looking
at so far and then I'll keep you guys
updated. So, um we did 1K to 2600 last
night and then we'll see if we can um
get that to around 4K today, later on
today. So yeah, this is the documentary
series of me trading with $1,000 and see
what I could turn into in 20 trades. So
this is now trade number two. Let's get
it. All right, so we're definitely on
the verge of hitting stop-loss. Was
looking at this and but definitely
should have waited on transitioning
structure. So we about to get tagged out
here. But yeah, should have waited for
this lower high point to get broken on
M1 to take this entry. Got a little
aggressive on this move. Should have,
like I said, should have waited for this
or even should have waited on the higher
time frame structure. candle to close.
So, I was a little eager to get in on
this M1 and wanted to navigate my risk,
but overall, um, you live and you learn,
right? So, we I'll probably for the
remaining of the trades take setups that
are based off M5 at least and not just
M1 alone. So, that being said, we will
continue to grind. So, adjusted the stop
loss just a little bit to give us a
little bit more room to breathe and we
still stop loss. So yeah, currently down
1,100. Yikes chat. Yikes chat. Make me a
nice little protein shake to get started
on the day. Now we did get stopped out
on that position. And then you can see
that the account balance is sitting at
$144.
So we lost about $1,100.
So to be exact, $1,171.
Um still in profit overall with the
account build. Now, this one we did have
a little bit higher risk, but looking
for to see if price is going to stop at
this level. And I'm I'm lowkey mad
because I was in those sales and then I
pulled them thinking that price was
about to reject that zone and price went
right back down to the level that it had
hit before I had woke up and I could
have stayed in them sales and would have
been up hell of profits. Um, so that's
unfortunate, but overall, um, it is what
it is and we, you know, we just keep on
pushing. So yeah, that is what I'm
overall analyzing for this morning. And
I have a live trading session with my
students here in 15 minutes. So I'm
about to do that. We taking these
setups, then I will take them on this
account build as well. And then I'll
keep y'all updated as we go along.
>> Recording in progress.
>> How everybody doing today?
>> Doing pretty good, man. Moving a little
late, but
>> how was y'all week's uh trading last?
>> I took my first trade last night.
>> Okay. What you taking on?
>> All right. So, just got off of the call
with my students and we were talking
about gold buy. So, let me just show
y'all real quick what we was overall
looking at. So, here we was talking
about on M1 structure that we get this
break of the structure. Oops. If we get
a break of this structure, this would be
the start of this pullback on our H1
structure. So, we have our point A to
point B on our fib and we're just going
to look for price to retrace possibly to
this 38.2 or even up into this level
right here. So that's what I was overall
looking at. So we I just hopped in buys
here. Now it was like I don't know. I
was trying to get in buys lower down
here, but price was it wouldn't allow me
to place my trade. Like the server was a
little glitchy. Um so it entered me up
here, but like I said, I was trying to
get in down here. So um currently up
with $100, but hopefully we can we can
come back up to this little level right
here, and that'll be around $2,000 in
profit. That's a good target area for
this overall move. So, that's what I'm
overall looking at and we will see if we
can take advantage of this move. Like,
I'll be at [clears throat] home and I'll
be watching my daughter full time and
trading is like sometimes she don't be
allowing me to do what I want to do. And
then sometimes like that type of stuff
be clouding my judgment, right? Like
sometimes it's like you got a 8-month,
9-month old baby, you know, like
squirming around in your arms while you
trying to place a trade and, you know,
think clearly. It's like [\h__\h] sometimes
it don't it don't really go um as
planned, right? So, that's just the
reality of it. And then, you know,
trying to vlog it and give lifetime
updates, like sometimes that stuff be
hard. So, like I just want y'all to see
like the reality of it cuz some for some
of y'all this is your reality. Like, I
know I'm not the only person with a kid
in the world that's trying to trade. So,
I just want to put it into perspective
and add it to the documentary. Like,
this is the reality of it. And sometimes
when you got high levels of stress,
sometimes when you dealing with outside
things, trading is not going to be as
easy as it is when you got all the time
in the world or you got um you know time
to just sit down and you know really
mark up your charts and do whatever the
case like do whatever do whatever the
case may be. Right? So I just wanted to
put that in perspective. But currently I
just put her to sleep just now. Now we
did close those buys, right? They hit
our trailing stops. So the count is at
2,000. So that's great, right? The
account is at 2,000. Now, what we're
waiting on, we are waiting for price to
pull back because that entry was kind of
it was kind of like a confidence entry,
right? Like I knew price was impulsive
once we broke that structure. Um, so now
we waiting on the retest and then we'll
catch the remaining of the continuation
of that trade, right? So, trade number
two is now finished and we will we are
now well no that's trade number three.
Trade number three is now finished and
we're working on trade number four and
we will see where that overall takes us.
So, I'm about to let the dogs out right
now. And then I have to um I have to go
get some tires. So, I got a nail in my
back tire. And then my front two tires
um are starting to get like a little the
tread is getting low. So, I have to um
go get new tires. And for Lamborghini
years, literally getting Lamborghini
tires is like $1,000 per tire. So, not
excited about that. But overall, it's
all good. Um so, we about to go I
probably go get some new tires today.
Then I also got to go to the mall. Damn.
I got to go to the mall today, too. So,
I got a lot of stuff to do today. So, I
might bring y'all along with me. I might
not because when I got my daughter, it's
hard for me to to, you know, watch her
and still bring along y'all with the
vlog. So, that's why a lot of these
vlogs be inside of the house and, you
know, stuff like that. So, just putting
it in perspective. But, you know, I'm
just saying like I'm, you know, like I
was saying, I'm documenting the journey
and all of that good stuff. So, yeah.
With that being said, I'll update y'all
if we get a pullback on gold and we'll
go from there. All right. Chat. So price
is in my area of interest. So this was
the previous lower high point that got
broken on M1 structure. Um and my alerts
are now going off. So we had this
impulse breaker structure came back to
retest. So now I'll be interested to see
how price reacts in this area to see if
I want to take buys or to see if this
will pull back a little bit deeper
before continuing on up. So um this is
pretty much my thought process. This is
how I set up my trades on a day in
dayout basis. Um, you know, same
concept. Wait on an impulse breaker
structure. Wait for price to pull back
and retest. Wait on price to give us a
bullish price action signal to let us
know buyers are stepping in and then
look to carry it to my fifth target. So,
with my alerts going off in this
particular area, this is what I'm
overall looking at and then we can see
if we can get another buy opportunity to
possibly take that count to around 3 or
4K. So, that's what I'm looking at and
I'll keep you updated if I enter this
trade. So just went ahead and entered
2.08 here for total 16 lots. The reason
why I did this is to split up the stop
loss um just to mitigate some of the
risk overall looking for price to go to
our -27 take profit level and we have
pretty much everything we needed. We had
a break and a retest and then we got
this W pattern bullish variation. So we
should look for price to continue to go
to the upside. And as you can see I am
in the bed again cuz little mama right
here won't let me be great today. So,
she kind of throwing a fit, but overall
this setup looked pretty solid. So,
taking this off M1 quick scalp and
hopefully we could be in and out of this
move um by the end of the day. So,
hopefully we could be out of this move
by the end of New York session. And
currently, we're floating about $86,000.
[crying]
>> [crying]
>> All right. So, just like that, ladies
and gents, our takeprofit one just got
hit. As you can see, our zero um% on our
fib. And if we go to our liquid, we are
currently floating at $964
in profit. Um so count balance just
under 3K equity um with our target still
or negative 27 and 61.8 still um on the
horizon. This is looking real good and
they called this in my signals chat as
well. So you can see here called them
for the buys and then I really need to
update them and let them know that TP1
just got hit. So let me put this camera
down real quick. All right. So just
update them. Let them know we hit 425
pips. secure some profits and then we'll
look to continue to hold on to like I
said our negative 27 orgative 61.8 take
profit but this move is looking real
real real solid um
>> to end off the New York session.
>> All right so currently it is lunchtime
[music] 125 to be exact and our gold
trade it take profit one and then it's
starting to give us this little
retracement here. Um so hoping to see if
we can form another higher low point
from this area so that we can continue
to go make a new higher high. Um this
will be another scale in opportunity.
But since we already got an entry in
this area, no need to no need to scale
in again cuz I don't want to overlever
the account especially with this being a
counter trend trade with the um with
gold being so bearish right now. So, we
were up like $1,000 in profit, but
[music] now we currently floating $375
in profit, as you can see. Um, so just
kind of trying to see what that would
do. And then in the meantime, I got me
some meal prep. Got me a nice little
steak. Uh, I've been trying to do trying
to do better with eating cuz sometimes
like dealing with the baby and sometimes
like being on Zoom calls, trading, like
I sometimes [\h__\h] I'll be forgetting to
eat. So, uh, got me some nice new meal
preps from HB and, um, I'm going to try
these. So, like I said, this is my
lunch. It's a New York strip steak with
potatoes and broccoli. About 700
calories. So, drink I mean eat that and
then have um a little bit of my protein
shake and then also a little snack like
some what's it called? Some applesauce
and uh some other fruits. Right. So,
don't don't grill me in the comment
section because oh, you get applesauce.
Yeah, I like applesauce, [\h__\h] I like
applesauce, so I'm eat applesauce. All
right, so price is flowing nicely.
Overall, it's looking good. We got
pretty much a higher low being formed on
M M1, M5. So, price is flowing really
nicely. Let me just show y'all real
quick what I'm looking at. And I did
just add another position. Now, I was
mentioning that I didn't want to
overextend the account. So, I wasn't
looking to add a position, but we did
get this higher low point um being
formed. We kind of got this [music]
descending channel and price broke this
previous lower high. So went ahead and
added another 08 um here. And this one I
put the stop loss pretty tight. So it'll
be around $191 risk on the account. And
you can see we are floating around $700
in profit again. But the reason why I
added to this position is because we are
still showing that we are in this
bullish trend and I want to maximize
these gains. So possibly if this goes to
61.8 I mean, we could add another $700
on top of all of our profits, right? So,
just looking to maximize the overall
move and then um we'll see what a price
price does from this area. But I just
wanted to break down, you know, my
thought process behind it so that y'all
can learn from this. And sorry if
there's a lot of background noise in the
well, a lot of noise in the background.
But like I said, I just want to show you
guys um you know, my thought process,
right? This is active trading. This is
live trading. This is, you know, me
documenting like I've been mentioning
time and time again. Like this is what
the thought process looks in looks like
on a day in and dayout basis. Like I'm
here, I got my charts. Like I said, I'm
about to make some lunch and you know,
I'm waiting on my food to get finished
and just actively monitoring the
position because this is the the setup
that I'm looking at. And this is like
when you're in a trade and you're an
intraday trader or you're a scalper, you
monitor your positions on these these
time frames, right? I'm not a swing
trader. I'm not like a super scalper
where I'm just like in and out in like 5
minutes, right? But I am an intraday
trader and I'm monitoring my moves on an
intraday basis. And hopefully we can be
finished with this move around like 400
p.m. 5:00 p.m. today. We got started a
little late. Remember I took I was
taking buys. My original buys were
around 910. Well, around 10:00 a.m. this
morning once I got off the live trade
session with my students. Um was kind of
breaking this down, telling them what
exactly to look for. And then we got our
entry signal around 10:00 a.m. and we
took those buys. Remember, we closed it.
Then we had another pullback. I think
that pullback occurred around 12:00 p.m.
noon today. So, like I said, it was a
little late start on this overall move.
Usually, it be like 7:00, 8:00 New York
session. Um, but still looking to take
advantage of this move. But like I
mentioned, this is the this is the day
in the life of a trader, right? So, this
is my life. This is how I orchestrate
things. These are my thought process.
These are the day-to-day things that I'm
doing. Obviously, I told you I got my
daughter. She down there, you know, on
her little walker thing. So, that's
pretty cool. And it's just structure,
man. It's just structure and looking at
the the trend, looking at the structure
of price and where is price about to go
next. So, always trading what you
Bronco. He was trying to lick her in the
face. Sorry. Um, always trading what you
see and not what you think. So, yes, I
can see. Look at this. Look at this,
bro. Get down, bro. Um, I can foresee
price selling off again, but right now
in the current moment, the move is
bullish and it's currently pulling back.
And then we could possibly catch some
sales. We could possibly catch some
sales later on tonight or going into
tomorrow. So, that's what I'm overall
looking at. But, yeah, we'll see how
this move plays out and hopefully we can
get the account to around 3 or 4K going
into tonight and to tomorrow. So, I'll
keep continue to keep you guys updated
and yeah, that being said, I'm going to
call you back. I'm about to eat real
quick and see where gold is at after I
get done eating. All right, guys. So,
after all of that, we are about to hit
break even on this position. We failed
to make a new high and then I did not
like this little counter trend line that
got broken here. So, as y'all can see,
this is a counter trend line I drew and
it broke and retested it and now it's
So, don't really like that price action
and that's what's going to cause me to
close and just go like break even. All
right, chat. So, just got off a Zoom
meeting and I had to run and grab my
camera because we just hit take profit
too. So, let me show youall real quick.
So, as you can see, so as you can see
here, we are floating $1,500 in profit.
The last trade just closed. So, I had
one position that closed and I'll show
you the account history. This one closed
with $681
in profit here. Um, it hit my 517138.
And then, like I said, currently we are
floating $1,500 in profit. Now, um, we
hit the -27 takeprofit like I was
mentioning, that was one of our targets.
Um, as you can see here, and then if I
were to close all of my positions, the
account equity would be sitting at
$4,200 in profit. So, thinking about
closing my positions here. Um, just kind
of seeing how the momentum of price is
going to approach this area because we
did only have a 50% retracement. So, we
may not get to 61.8, eight, but based
off of the higher time frame structures,
this is a probable possible [music]
chance that we could push up into this
area here. So, um not trying to pull it
too early, just trying to navigate and
kind of see the flow of price once we
get to this area. But overall, we did
secure some profits with that position
being closed. And I might close another
position um here shortly. um one of the
extra 600 cuz this one the one that got
closed was another position that I had
from the bottom. So we'll see. But
overall if we get to the 61.8 that would
be a real clutch. That'll be around
extra $1,800
25 27. So about $2,500 in profit. So 15
yeah $2,500 in profit in addition to
what we at right now. So we had 1,600 in
profit. So, extra $1,000 on top of what
we'll be overall looking at. So, like I
said, we looking real good on the move
played out. Now, it's crazy cuz we had
went into some extreme draw down earlier
in the day and I had to remove my stop
losses um down in this area because I
feel like price was still overall
bullish and then we continued to push
up. So, overall pretty solid trade. I
will continue to keep youall updated,
but I'm glad we got to get to at least
around 4K in profit on this move. And
yeah, so that's pretty much 1K to 4K in
24 hours because remember, we took our
trade last night and then we woke up to
it this morning and then we took our
trades today and we got it to actively
4K right now. We'll see what we do when
we close it. But overall, yeah, pretty
solid trade. I know I feel like I'm
yapping at this point. So, I'll keep
youall updated when I close the rest of
my positions and then see where we at in
the account build. So, yeah. Peace out.
All right. So, real quick, one thing
that I did not have in my previous
analysis is I did not have this trend
line here. So, you can see 0.12 price
broke and it's now come back to retest.
So, this is possible good area to
possibly take some profit. One, because
we had this trend line and we're
starting to reject and then two, we
already hit our -27 take-profit level.
So there's no reason for me to try to be
greedy and, you know, continue to take
this move when we are already at areas
where price could potentially fall from.
So thinking about going ahead and
closing this if my alert goes off, um,
we still floating $1,800 in profit. But
if we start to push beneath this candle
here, then more than likely going to
close with around 1,700. So that is my
thought process. And I'll just go ahead
and move my stop losses there. Um,
what's that? 5178.
Oh [\h__\h] we already we already
surpassing it. So, let me just go ahead
and close all of these manually. And
hold on. Actually, let me record it on
my phone, too, just so I can put it on
my telephone.
So, just about to just go ahead and
close
close.
And then now you can see the balance is
at 4,437.
and then go to the account history and
you can see all of the deposits there.
So, boom. Currently at $4,000, $4,347
check in one day. Let's get it. So, this
was trade one, trade two and trade three
all in one video. But remember, we
trading 20 straight trades um and
documenting the whole thing. So, trades
one through three, we have finished up
today. So, make sure you hit that like
and subscribe button. If you want to
learn exactly how I do what I do, I have
a free trading camp series where you can
watch from beginning to end exactly how
I trade on a day in and dayout basis.
You can watch that inside of the link in
the description. And then peace out.
All
right. So, the trade that we entered um
currently is pulled back. It was around
$1,000 in profit, but now we have pulled
back and we are floating um negative $5
in profit. Now, the reason why I wasn't
talking earlier, um it was obviously
6:00 in the morning. Currently 7:00 in
the morning, so I'm up and my daughter's
up, so I can now talk. But this is the
overall move I'm looking at. Hopefully
um we do not form a higher a low point.
Um if I take this flip off of here, you
can see that we had this push down which
was the retest of that trend line and
then we start to form more bullish
candles. Um so hopefully like I got
illustrated it retest this little minor
structure trend line here and then
continue to push down. So that's what
I'm looking at overall. Um,
overall this move definitely has the
potential to make a lot of profit. Like
this is a uh a potential crazy swing
trade um that I am eyeing and um it has
the potential to make us around $10,000
$10 to $15,000 depending on if we go to
the you know 27 based off the 1 hour
structure fib. So, uh, a lot of
potential on this trade, but that
doesn't mean necessarily that we will
hold it to that long. We just we'll take
what the market gives us. So, that being
said, like I said, it's 7:00 in the
morning. I'm about to get up and get
dressed, and then I will update you
guys, and then I will update you guys uh
about the trade. So, this will be trade
trade number [crying] four. So, I hear
the baby crying. Trade number four.
Let's get it running. All right. All
right. So, um just got ahead and got
dressed and got to the office. Now, um I
did just scale in and add another
position and I'm risking about $33. So,
I'll show youall real quick. So, $33.
Um this was about off the one minute
structure, but we formed we had a
pullback um earlier. So, we had this
impulse. This was the first push down.
We went up $1,000. Then, we had a
correction. We kind of retested the
trend line, but I don't got it drawn
here. [music] And then we started
forming lower lows and lower highs. So,
I went ahead and entered another
position. And this stop loss is just
above this one minute lower high. Like I
said, risking 30 I mean $300 on this
position. It is a little risky. Um but
like I said, it is only a $300 risk. And
then if it goes and hit our takeprofit
down here at the -27, it is a possible
extra 5K on top of the position. So
ultimately, if it gets to -27, which
probably take a day or two, it' be a net
total around $20,000. So that is
um what I'm overall looking at for the
move for the rest of the week. This
might be, you know, it may be a swing
trade in a sense cuz what's today?
Wednesday. It may not play out till
Friday. It is NFP week. Um but we will
see. So like I mentioned, I scaled in
position. Currently we floating $900 in
profit. So eager to see if we will get
this move to play out today. at least
get down to the lows of today, which
will probably put us around 13K in
profit, just depending on yeah, around
13K in profit if we go hit the lows
today. So, um, we'll see what price
does, but hopefully hopefully hopefully
we get that push down cuz sometimes gold
like to consolidate before, you know,
making this real move. So, we'll see,
but I'll keep y'all updated overall.
Bless you. Um, we'll just go from there.
So today is day two of the documentary
series where I'm documenting 20 a series
of 20 trades. We are on trade number
five. We took a loss for trade number
four this morning and got the account
down to 3500. Was at I think 4,300
earlier today. Um so we sitting at
$3,500 balance. So like I said, we are
on trade number five and we will see
where we are at at the end of 20 trades.
So, that being said, continue to plug
in, continue to learn. Make sure yall
learn something from this, you know, not
just like, oh, he flipped it. No, like
follow every single thing. That's what I
want y'all to do. Like, take every
single bit and piece of information that
I'm giving y'all. Study my entries.
Study my exits. Study my thought
process. Study my psychology. Study all
of it. Right? So, that's what this
documentary series is for. So that I
could document and show you guys what's
possible when you actually lock in. So,
um, it's still early in the morning,
8:18. We still got then we got news
today. We got news today at 9:00. So,
PMI. So, here in 40 minutes, hopefully
that gives us the push that we need to,
you know, push down. But we'll see what
overall price does and we'll go from
there. All right. So, we kind of got
some concerns here because price failed
to make a new low in relevance to this
low. And then you can see we kind of had
that double bottom W pattern and then
the move is about to get stopped out.
So, that's not good for overall trade.
All right. So, we just got stopped out
there. Um, not good for the move cuz
pretty much we bounced off of this trend
[snorts] line here. Oops. I know y'all
can't see. So, we pretty much bounced
off of this trend line and we are
respecting this level. So, that's sign
that price may push up one more time
before continuing to go down. So, we
might have to close this at break even
cuz I'm not liking the price action of
this at all. All right. So, went ahead
and entered another position as we was
breaking that low and oh my goodness.
Um, you can see we floating $2,600 in
profit. Looking really nice. Looking
really nice to continue to go to the
downside and we still have news at 9:00
a.m. So, that looks good. Overall, the
trade is looking solid. All right. So,
TP1 just got hit. So, I need to notify
my signals members. As you can see, TP1
got smashed. And then you can see we are
floating $3,200 in profit currently at
the moment. So trading looking nice,
flowing real nicely. All right, sharers.
So just woke up from a nap and overall
the gold move still is playing out. Uh
when I went to sleep, we were up almost
I think it was like 4K in profit. Um now
currently we are floating $2,800. Um so
like once we was down here in this area
was like 4K in profit. Said 2,800. The
market just closed currently is 411. So,
um we'll see what the market does once
it opens up again. But overall, um but
but overall, we'll see uh what it does.
It don't really look the best. Even
though we did have a break of structure
um we had a break of structure letting
us know that price want to continue to
go down, but it kind of had a lot of
weak exhaustion um within the move. So,
we'll see how the market open.
Hopefully, we get that drop. What's
today, Wednesday? Yeah, hopefully we can
get that drop. some more, but it may not
happen till Friday, which is
unfortunate, but we'll see. Um, like I
said, we up $2,800 in profit, and then
the equity on the count is at 6K if we
were to close soon as market open. So, a
little bit annoying, but cuz it wasn't
really like a lot of movement in today's
price, but we still did get some
movement, so can't really complain, but
we'll see what Asian session brings us.
Good morning, ladies and gents.
Currently, it is the next morning. We
sat through pretty much a whole day
after price, you know, pushed down
yesterday. We sat through a whole Asian
session and London session of
consolidation. Um, even to the point
where our second entry, our scaling
entry got stopped out. But currently, it
is 7:00 in the morning on Thursday and
we just had unemployment claims come out
and we got we finally are getting our
drop on price. So, let me just show you
real quick. So, as you can see, we are
floating $5,000 in profit. And then you
can see the balance went down to 2,700
because, like I mentioned, our our scale
in position got stopped out. So, show
you the account history. So, our scaling
position, we had one scale in position
at a 20 here and then a 20 here. Both of
those got stopped out during the
consolidation. during consolidation
yesterday and then earlier this morning
I added another scale in position which
was right here in in overall uh what was
it called in the London session right so
currently floating $4,000 in profit
equity is sitting around $7,000
um would like to see this fall but we're
currently at that level of support that
I was mentioning yesterday um that we
had to watch so I would like to see how
we react at this area Um hopefully we do
not reject how we are right now but we
will see and u just like I mentioned
yesterday I will keep y'all updated when
I begin to close this position. Now one
in focus real quick. Now one thing I can
say is that this consolidation
definitely will test the mental
definitely will you know it will
definitely
uh mess with you if you don't understand
structure and you don't understand
what's the overall move of price right
so we had a lot of fluctuations a lot of
price pushing down come back up push
down come back up but overall I saw what
I needed to see when I took my trade
nothing got invalidated so that's why I
still kept my bias even though I
literally literally went from being up
$4,000 in profit yesterday to going back
down to I literally went negative I
think I went negative 500 at one point
um during that consolidation with that
scale and entry. So it's all about just
trusting what you see trading what you
see and not what you think and not
letting your emotions override you know
the overall data that the market is
giving you. So uh like I said the move
is overall looking good now. So, we'll
see what price contingual does from here
and hopefully we can get that we can
make hopefully now that I've been hold
this trade for for as long as I've been
holding because, you know, I usually
like to be in and out. But hopefully we
can get to our main targets and hit that
15K mark that we were looking at
yesterday. So, I'll keep y'all updated.
Like I said, it's 7:30 in the morning.
Still early. Still got a lot of New York
session left. Obviously, I'm up early
today. But yeah, I'll I'll update I'll
continue to update y'all and I'll call
you back
>> real quick. Let me show youall something
real quick too. So with this being um
with price falling the way um it failed
this morning right now. That is a good
sign because we broke the overall
previous lows. Right. So we broke with a
brand new and damn why the camera not
focusing. Hold on. All right. So like I
said it is a good sign. We broke these
lows here. We broke these lows here with
a brand new impulse. So now what I'm
looking for is price come back to retest
this trend line and then on a smaller
time frame scale look for another
bearish price action signal to signify
that we're going to continue to go down
and then we could look for another
continuation to the downside. So I might
add another scale in position here just
because we like I said we have been
taking out those lows and I'm looking
for price to continue to go to the
downside. All right boom. So, we are
getting that rejection. So, about to
scale in and add another position to
this move. Just a quick update. We can
see we floated $7,700 in profit. We got
all the way down to 9K when we was down
in this area, but overall the move is
looking great, chat. Bada boom, bada
bing. You can see we currently floating
$10,000 in profit.
Now, this move has been it's been
playing around. It's been kind of, you
know, acting like it ain't want to go,
but finally we've been getting that
move. Sorry, Skyler. You want to be
quiet for daddy video, please?
>> But yeah, so overall, the move is
flowing really nicely. Floating 10K. We
got we got an extra 5K on the table if
we get down to the low. So, sorry y'all.
I'm dealing with a newborn. She [\h__\h]
busy by you hear me? So, overall, um,
yeah, we'll see what Price does from
here. I know I keep saying that, but I
just want to take y'all step by step so
that y'all can see it like
[clears throat] the thorough process of
just being a trader and how I've been
hold this move and yesterday the
psychology behind it and everything just
the fluctuations. Remember, like I said,
we [snorts] went from being 4K profit,
being negative now 10K profit. Like,
it's all a journey. Trading is all
right. So, let me just put y'all on game
real quick. So, here I pulled up another
chart, just a clean version, right? So,
currently floating $10,000 in profit.
Right now, we have this level of support
right here. Right? We have this level
of support. If it'll focus, I don't know
what's going on. Let's see. So, we have
this level of support here. Right now,
within this level of support, we will
respect it once, respected twice,
respected three times. So, [screaming]
if this fails to make a new low again,
I'm going just pull it because we
already falling deep in profit and we
respecting that level multiple times and
failing to make new lows. So, that's
something that I want to continue to
monitor because this might be, like I
said, a area where I could just pull the
trade and then wait for another break,
another retest, [clears throat] and then
we'll catch the continuing. That's the
thought process [screaming] behind it.
[crying] Whereas, like I said, closing a
trade and then Skyler wants to be a
little fussy. So it might be it might be
time to to go ahead and pull it. So that
being said, I might go ahead and pull it
here and then we will walk away around
with, you know, anywhere from 11K to 12K
balance of the account. So just some
game that I want to put y'all
[screaming] I want to put in perspective
for y'all so that y'all even though you
got your bias, it may or may not get
there and expect it. I'm coming right
now. But yeah, so just to put that in
perspective y'all, but I got to go real
quick. So call back.
>> All right. So, not liking the rejections
at all from this area. So, what I'm
about to do is I'm about to move my stop
losses and profit. So, if it breaks
above this area, then I am going to
ultimately close the trade. Right? So,
let me copy this level 507447
and then I'm going to hit all orders,
stop-loss 5047. Boom. Oops. Wouldn't let
me do it. But, let's try it again. Oh
[\h__\h] All right. Come on. Got to refresh
the page real quick. And then what was
it? Stop loss. All right. So, just put
all of the stop losses to
um 50. Was it 507447?
So, I will secure some some profits if
they go and hit that target level. Well,
if it hits that stop-loss level. So, we
in profit. Good to go. I just put my
daughter to sleep. So, I'm about to step
away from the computer. But yeah, that's
pretty much it. So, we'll see if we get
hit and then I can go ahead and set the
alert for the stop loss on my trading
view. All right, that's good to go,
chat. We're good to go. Oh [\h__\h] I
forgot to turn y'all off. So, just like
that, ladies and gents, we just got
stopped out of our positions here as you
can see. So, we are at $11,848.
And just to show y'all the account
history, bam, we solid chat.
right. Currently we are in some draw
down. Hopefully we we get some
rejections here because um if not then
this is going to continue to go bearish.
So interested to see how things will
work out. Currently it is 7:02 in the
morning. Um I wasn't talking in the last
portion just because it was early and my
girl was sleep. So um seeing how this
will react at this trend line, but if it
does not print any bullish candles
leading up to 7:30, then more than
likely it's going to go continue to go
bears for NFP. All right. So, I'm just
getting into the office and we were in
some draw down. We were draw in draw
down about $2,000, but now we're only
down $300 and price is looking pretty
good. So, the buy is looking really nice
for the NFP setup. So, we about to see
what that looks like here in the next 5
minutes and then I just I'm starting to
record it on my my desktop for my
Instagram reel. So, we'll see how this
goes. I'm excited to to see how this
plays out today. So, we'll see. Let's
get this for the YouTube. All right, we
up $4,000 right now at the moment.
Sheesh. There is no way that this [\h__\h]
pulled all the way back. Like, that's
actually insane, bro. Damn, bro. We just
took a [\h__\h] loss on this [\h__\h] for no
reason when we was up $5,000, bro. Like,
[\h__\h] is crazy. Let's move this. Give it
a little bit more wiggle room. Hold on.
Let me see something. 78.6.
All right, we might be safe. We might be
safe. we might be safe. All right, so
obviously this wants to play around all
day. As you can see, we pushed up. We
had our high and then we started to form
this potential higher low, but then we
rejected this little area right here.
So, I moved my stop loss close to the um
break even um underneath this higher low
point here because if price begins to
break underneath this, then we just
going bearish. So, um no longer want to
be involved with it. So, it'll just be a
small little, you know, $400 loss. So, I
would much rather take that than
original risk and then we can just get
back to it next week and, you know,
start off the account still with 11K in
the balance if we hit stop loss. So, um
that's my overall thought process
because I'm not liking the overall
rejections that we getting in this area
right here. Sheesh. You can see TP1 just
got smacked, baby. Called it out for my
signals chat and then you can see we
floating. $8,000 in profit. Come on,
baby. We pumping. We are pumping, ladies
and gents. We almost had Oh, that's 10K
in profit. We almost hit the - 27.
[music] Yeah, I'm about to just go ahead
and close. And we about to get up out of
here. 22,000 in equity. Come on now,
baby.
Holding 10K. We just hit that - 27 take
profit. So, I'm about to just go ahead
and close this position here and then
just call it a overall week. So, close
the position. Boom. We out of there. You
can see we are now at 22,000.
$22,000.
What a day. All right, ladies and gents.
Just like that, that concludes trade
number six. Um, whatever trade, I think
it's trade five or trade six, whichever
one we own. Um, $1,000 to $22,000 in 3
days. Um, currently it is Friday. Um, so
debating if I should withdraw some of
the profits. I probably will. I
definitely probably will withdraw some
of the profits cuz that's what I did on
the last one. I didn't withdraw um
because I had made it so fast. But
overall um I just wanted to show you
guys and bring you guys documentary
series of this account build um just to
show you what's possible. Like every
single plan, every single trade was
planned. Every single trade was
documented. Every single trade you saw
my thought process. You saw my analysis.
You saw why I got into the move. What
was I thinking? So forth and so on. So
uh it was a real good week. Um I was
really focused this week unlike the the
prior week. I had lost a little focus,
but real focus this week and we did a
great job, you know. So, trading goal 1K
to um $22,000. That's a beautiful
accomplishment. So, um yeah, I will. So,
like I said, this is the conclusion of
this video and make sure y'all like and
subscribe and stick around for the rest
of the account series. Peace out,
Shrunners. I love y'all. All right. So,
uh, today, well, currently it is 9:59 in
the evening and this is concluding the
the week of the trading week, right? So,
we started the count on the 3rd. Today
is the 6th. It's a Friday. Um, and I put
out a poll inside of my Telegram chat
and I also put a poll inside of my
Instagram story asking how much should I
withdraw, right? And based off of y'all
responses, a lot of y'all said start
with $100. will withdraw 22,000 and then
leave $100 in there. Some of y'all said
withdraw half. Some of y'all said
withdraw 75%. Some of y'all said start
with $1,000 again. But based off all of
y'all responses, I think I'm going to
just um withdraw 75% like some of y'all
said and then just leave the account
with um 5,000. So, we'll start the
account build next week with $5,000.
Meaning that I'm going to withdraw
$17,000. was $17,531.
So, I'll go ahead and show you guys that
here. And then, as y'all can see here,
this is the account has $22,000 in that
account. And then, I'm going to withdraw
17,530.
Hit continue. Then say I will get
17,267.
And then enter my wallet address. And
then hold on real quick. And then you
can see it is saying wait for
verification meaning that I need to
verify. So come down here, hit verify.
It's going to ask me the code. And then
let me just All right. So just verified
it now. And you can see
that it says um $17,267
waiting for approval. So now I just got
to wait. You see $262 in commission. And
you can see I refresh it and it still be
the same thing. waiting for approval.
So, we did the withdraw March 6 and like
I say 10:00 at night. So, it probably
won't be here till tomorrow or even, you
know, Sunday or Monday. But overall, we
did withdraw and then as you can see now
going to the overall trade history now,
the account is at $5,61
here, right? And then you can now see
the withdrawal here, $17,530
on the account. So, we will be starting
the account again next week with $5,000
and we just going to run it back the
same things that we've been doing this
week. Like I said, just a series of
trades, right? So, I'm documenting 20
trades and seeing what I could take out
of it. Right? So, we withdrew 17,000.
So, anything left, this 5K is really
just technically is is house is money or
whatever the case may be, but I'm still
going to treat it just the exact same
way if I didn't withdraw it. But I just
wanted to put that into perspective.
Like we took the money that we invested
in and then we made uh 17 times the
overall investment. So, um, with that
being said, I hope y'all enjoy this
series. I hope y'all really learn a lot
from this series because everything I'm
doing is just to show y'all that it's
possible to teach y'all and just to
inspire you guys. So, that being said,
make sure y'all hit that like and
subscribe button. All right, as you can
see, my alert just hit from my Coinbase.
Finally got the withdraw. Currently is
Monday. Um, and we finally got the
withdrawal, but you can see $17,357
for the actual um withdrawal.
