Hello everyone, how are you all? I hope you are doing very
 
well. So welcome to
a very amazing video where
I am going to share a strategy with you. It is a
momentum beige strategy.
You can use it for intraday, you
can use it for scalp, you can
use it for swing. I will
tell you all the pros and cons. I have
told you before also, but this is its updated version
and what complications can be added to it.
Specifically,
it will attract more beginners, those who do
not have much knowledge and they want to
understand a little bit from the charts. Let's not waste much time, let's go
straight to the video. Okay, so right now the
most important term to understand the strategy is that you understand on
what basis the strategy is actually made.
Okay, because the problem is that
every
strategy is
made for different conditions. It is not at all the case
that it  Strategy: You've learned one thing and you're
working on that.
You also have to understand market conditions.
For example, some
strategies are level-based. There,
you have to wait for the market to
reach a specific level. Then, I'll plan my buy
or sell entry. I'll find my
trigger and
enter accordingly. Some strategies
work on momentum. That way,
when there's momentum in the market, it will work; otherwise, it wo
n't. Some things
work better in a sideways market.
For example, you've created a good range-
bound setup.
For example, if the market is in a sideways
channel,
I'll sell at every resistance, I'll buy at the bottom, and
until the channel is broken, I'll
just buy at the high, sell at the high, buy at the low. So, in this
way, there are multiple things.
This strategy falls
on the momentum category. Now, momentum means momentum with
speed.  Momentum doesn't tell you
which way the market is going. Because there can be
many cross-overs in the direction,
you might get confused.
So understand this carefully. Momentum
means speed here.
And I'll tell you a bonus point: all the
specific indicators here will
show you good results on momentum. But as soon as the
market becomes a little sideways and tired,
all the indicators become useless.
That's why sometimes we feel that the indicator
worked very well here, but when
I used it, it didn't work. Or, suppose
many people used it, but
not everyone got good results, only a few got good results. That
reason is that if there is momentum and speed in the market, then the
indicator will show you good results. Be it
EMA, a pace-based
strategy, or anything else. Multiple
indicators are there, but if the market
is sideways, it won't show. Now I'll
take you straight to my screen so that
you can understand exactly.  What is
this about? So the first thing we understood was the most important thing:
this indicator is totally
momentum-based. Momentum means speed. If there is
momentum in the market and it continues, only then will
it work; otherwise, it will not. Okay,
now I will explain its core concept to you here.
Many people think that this
EMA or moving averages is a very
new thing. It is not very new.
People have been using it since before we were even born. It is
just now appearing in visual form. Now, let us
first understand what exactly is EMA or MA. In short, the
E in EMA stands
for Expo, which means it is a little more dynamic.
This M stands for Moving
Average. You should understand the
concept of all our moving averages.
Moving means how it is moving,
and Average means
what is its average value. I am
telling you literally, this is a  If
you have understood this concept well, you
can make your own 500 strategy on its basis.
Many people also have doubts about
how to make their strategy, then this is a
very good answer for that. Okay, so keep in mind the meaning of M,
M means Moving
Average and E means Exponential. Now
Exponential means that the price sometimes moves fast and
sometimes moves slowly, so
it is dynamic on that basis also, it
notes that and shows you the price's value. Similarly,
Moving Average is a very simple
concept of moving. I told you that
moving means it should move and if it is moving, now
what is the price doing here, the price is moving here, what is price
correct, so now
how does the price move, for example, if the price is rising then it will move like this, if it is falling then it will
move like this, so when the price is rising
or falling,
suppose right now Bank Nifty was at 5500,
from 5500, Nifty moved to 50000 in the next one candle,
sorry  Or let's say 51 moved 500 points
in a single candle. Okay, sometimes it happens that the
market moves by 3,400 points. So,
suppose it moved 500 points in a single candle.
Now, if it moved by 500 points,
what is
its market price? That is, its market is based on the current
buyers and sellers ready and the transactions that took place at that time. It will
not have an average price. The
average price is always less than the real price.
What is the average value? Now, let me explain another concept of average value to you. It will become
clear in that.
Suppose we are 10 people. Okay,
although this is not a very new thing, this is old.
And I am telling you generally that all the people who are
watching this video and those who are
very good in math will be able to
grow very well in trading and will be able to work very well. Those who are
weak in math will face some difficulty in trading
because the language of the market itself starts with math.
[Music] It
's complicated. 10 students won't all score the same marks.
Suppose a student scores
80, another student scores
60, another student scores 70, another student scores 55, another student scores 95, another student scores
55, another
student scores 58, and so on.
Suppose 10 people have scored
different marks. So, when we
calculate the average of all these, the average score of that class,
if we look at
how the class is performing on average, we'll see how well it's performing. Because, suppose there's
competition between classes, suppose there's competition between them, say,
Section A, Section B, Section C, Section
D. Now, if you're competing with these four sections, it wo
n't show every single student, it will
show you how much your average
score is in the class. So, do
n't calculate for example here, it will take
more time, so let's calculate an average.
Suppose the average here
comes from all the letters.
78.8 Now noted 78.8 is the average, for example,
in the same average, one child has also scored 95
and one child is still at 55, but the
average has come out, so now what is this, this is a
fair, now how will it go up when all the people perform very
well or someone gets 100%, although it will
not be the loss of one person, two or three people will have to bring it, only then it will go
up, I hope you are understanding, so the
average value is
stronger, it is more difficult to
break it or go below it, in this
way all the concepts are based, whether it is
your 44 EA, 20 DEMA, 20 daily
moving average, now 20 daily means that the 20 day
moving average, the
market is moving according to the average price of 20 days, be it
20 DEMA or 50 44 EA, people
use
50 EA, 100 EA or 200 for intraday trading on one hour time frame.  Be it
EM or 500 or anything, its core concept is
this, correct. Now let's talk about
our strategy. I will tell you
why that specific strategy is 830. Okay. Now, I hope
you understand
what we are doing. There, for example,
this is an average, so we have
applied two types of EMAs there.
Now, how to apply EMAs is very simple.
You will open your broker. In the broker, it is
written 'Indicators' here, but the point is to be
noted that f will be written in your broker. So, don't get
confused. The
indicator or chart is not visible in my broker. Here, instead of '
Indicators', it is written f.
Click on f. You have to go there and
type 'Exp. Moving Average'. It will appear in
front of you. Now, when you
type 'Exp. Moving Average' there and
tap it twice, it will appear on your screen
exactly like this. Okay, now
I will tell you the settings. Look,
I have applied both the exponential moving averages here. Now,
when you have  If you have applied both,
then what is the value of one? For example, if we
click on this, it is nine by default. Here, we went to
settings and made the length of one 30.
Okay, and by using EA here also, it
goes up to a maximum of 20, so you can make it 20.
And I have kept the value of the second one at eight
and at eight below as well. I have kept
EA in the method also, I have
not applied EMA. Okay, these two, we have basically
applied EMA. Now what happens, see, let me
tell you its core. Through this, you will see that the
worldwide strategy is 9, 15, 15
and that 5A or 30, whatever it is. That means the core
concept is actually this. Now, if you
go and see, let's say if there are 8 EA,
suppose the market is moving upwards like this right now,
okay, right now the
price is
50,500 IM. You have understood the core
fundamental that if you want to take the average of that class
upwards, all the children should
perform well.  It will happen and when all the students are working hard and
performing well, then it
is very difficult that if suddenly no one
underperforms, then also the market will remain
stable, it will not fall, I mean the average of the class
and everyone is spoiling it, no one is studying, then even if
one or two students are doing very well, the
class will not go up, that
class will remain infamous, section D correct
now section D people should not be like that, right now
before this I used to work in
schools, so
because of that I said no like this,
okay, one when I was in school, I think the
students of seventh class D section were very naughty,
I used to beat them a lot, I mean I used to beat them, the
love of the children was so much that never happened,
now if I came across it today, then today's time was in
today's time, I mean if you
look at it, it was not two or four years ago, it was not six or seven years ago, it was
four or four years ago, it was ten years
ago, but let's say
like lovely, okay let's come back here,
I have reached, so assume this market is
running  5500 Now we have
put two things here, let's say it is A and
after this another such line is coming 30, that is, we have
set two parameters of the
market. Now if suppose the market of 5500
starts falling, the market
breaks the A average below, it is easy to break it.
Then after that, suppose this is the number of
students, if there are A students, then their
average will not be that strong, descent, descent. On
the other hand, the same
students become 30. Now, if 30 is a bigger number, then it is a
little difficult to break a bigger number. So
now 8 EA 30
EA
broken, now it is not broken, sorry, now suppose the
market will first break 8. Chances are
high that it will stop near 30 AA because there are
more students in 3 or 12 numbers, we are
working harder there. Okay,
but if suppose the market breaks 8 as well,
breaks 30 as well. Now here the
market is moving below one or two of its major averages.
Got it. Now when the two averages  If the
market is moving down,
what should we expect from the market here?
If the market breaks its two major AA levels, then
we will expect
that the market is moving below the average. We will
not even go for buying here. We will
wait for a little pullback. If we
get a short entry, then we will go for
short. This is visible to us in a very basic way on the chart.
Whenever the
market does something like this, these two AA levels will
cross. It is like that.
Waiting for the cross every time is important. Actually, it is
not okay. Some times,
if you get an early entry in the market, you
saw that the market crossed the AA level,
okay, crossed 30 AA, okay, and
closed below 30 AA. Now, if the
market is going down in the pullback, taking the resistance of this 30 AA, then we can plan
for short. Then when it goes further down,
it will actually cross. That is a
slightly late entry, but that too will work.
No problem, you can take that too.
This is a little updated.  This is its version,
I told you, this is an updated version, this is
not the same as last time, last time it was
made basic last year, I just
updated it this year so that you can understand it a little more, understand it in
depth, earlier you do
n't understand it so much in depth, now you guys know, it has already been made
a year ago, so you will be
able to relate to it, okay, so you
can enter earlier also, apart from that
it is like when this means if you
want an early entry, then here you can plan it like this,
okay, else crossover
means that if let's see the market, a red
line has come up, the green line has gone down, that
means the red line is above like this, something like
I will just show you in the chart, okay, something like let's say let's
wait for the short, something like this,
okay, see here,
now what actually has happened is if you will see that the
market falls from here, first a break is made
here, a break is made at 30, a break of 30 and closes, so
if the market
gives a pull back, then your  You can enter here.
Suppose, if we had entered somewhere here during such a pullback, then
we would have got a
good risk reward. The
market has crossed many times later, but our return can be
good by entering a little early in this way. So
basically, we have to enter the market
exactly before the crossover happens
because we
know the main core concept of moving average and why this is happening. The
reason itself will give you confidence. If you do
not know the reason for entering the market, then
you will
not be able to switch the color. Because, suppose,
if the market breaks some major thing and
I have an understanding behind it, only then will
I be able to stay in it, otherwise it will
form such a candle and my BP will increase, that oh, oh, the
market is going to move like this, now I will
exit because I do
not have the knowledge. But if I know that no, yes, it is a
very important thing. It can be reversed. The
market dynamic can
do anything anywhere, but it is not that easy for that, the
market's Nifty 50 is 12.  If it is a
bank, then all the 12 students in that class will have to
perform well, only then can the
market see a good spike.
Else, even if one or two students are
performing well and they are not major, that is,
top performing children, as it happens, there are many
good students in a class,
like Bank Nifty's good students, let's
say there is ADAC Bank, SBI,
ICICI Bank, these are not doing well,
they are lazy, the rest of the children are
small children, that is, they were forced laborers, now if they become a
little good in studies, then the average will
not go up, so the 30 concept is broken, the
average is broken, it means that something has happened, okay, so that
confidence will come only once you
understand the concept, okay, that's it, I am
also putting the link in the description
so that after this video is uploaded, when that
part is also uploaded, you will
get the link at one place and
can watch the second video as well. I hope you have
understood this basic concept well. Now
see, if you want to understand the strategy in depth, then you will have to
give time to explain.  Yes, I will have to give
time and if you want to understand then
you will also have to give time, only then something will happen, clapping is done like this,
correct it
cannot be done like this, so I hope you liked it, like the
video and share it with your friends
and see you in the next one,
okay bye
