This is one of the cleanest A+ setups
 
that you are ever going to see. Clean
break, beautiful momentum, follow
through, no discrepancies, textbook
trade. But now, here's the issue.
Traders expect to get a move like this
every single trade they get into. So
they're not even able to catch moves
like this because of maybe capital
depletion to where you are just taking
loss after loss after loss after loss to
where you can't put yourself in position
to catch a move like this when it does
come or not understanding the market
conditions that we are currently in
right now to be able to capitalize on
something like this. Closing maybe too
early for a move like this or just
simply entering early and then getting
stopped out before the move actually
happens. And this setup in crude oil is
a perfect example of when everything
lines up, when you take the perfect
entry and it complements the conditions
that we're in and it just runs and it's
beautiful. And I can't wait to show you
guys this. This isn't some cherrypicked
trade where I'm going to show you a
perfect example of my strategy being
played out bar by bar by bar, candle by
candle on some random date or random
instrument. This is what crude oil is
doing in real time. The setup that we
just got a few days ago. So, I want to
walk you guys through exactly how to
execute this trade using real-time
market conditions and an exact risk
model. I'm talking entry criteria,
position sizing, risk percentages,
stop-loss placement, how do we trail the
stop? I'm talking start to finish, entry
and exit, all being executed, this
entire setup, playbyplay. But the first
thing I want to walk you guys through
before we get into the actual charts
here is the market conditions that we're
in. Why did we get such a big push in
crude? Why did this have so much
momentum behind it? And right now, we're
in one of the most volatile conditions
for crude oil that we've seen in a very
long time. So, we got to understand the
current geopolitical conditions that
we're in right now. Obviously, there's
some going down between the US,
Iran, and Israel. This is a direct
threat to the oil infrastructure. It's
moving some things around. So without
getting too heavy into the oil
distribution or the global supply like
with just that knowledge, we need to
understand that this is what creates
such bursts of volatility, such heavy
followthrough, such heavy momentum here
and why we're getting such aggressive
moves in oil. Now I have been able to
capitalize on the beautiful momentum and
volatility that crude oil has given us
this year so far. But I want to break it
down a little bit on my strategy
specifically that's not based on
headlines or current events. I'm still
trading the same exact rules, the same
exact criteria, exit criteria,
everything is the same. But the only
reason this matters specifically is
because of how much volatility we're
getting. So, I'm not changing anything
about my strategy. I'm just very aware
of the environment that we're in and how
aggressive these breakouts are or how
aggressive this momentum is. So, how do
we tie both of these things together?
And this is where you get the perfect
storm, the perfect A+ setup. We've got
the volatility, you've got the momentum,
but then you've got perfect entry
criteria. you've got exact criteria that
needs to be met in order for you to see
an A+ setup. Very clear. So, when both
of those align, you get something like
this. This type of environment that
we're in is where my strategy thrives.
When we get a breakout, I'm talking we
get insane momentum. We get insane
follow-through. When it breaks, it goes.
So, this is a setup that I didn't take,
but many people who trade the same
strategy as me was able to catch this
setup, which is that will do it for me.
That's enough to get me excited, to get
me going. Is to see other people trading
the same exact strategy being able to
catch moves like this. But now, how do
we catch it? What does it look like?
Let's walk it through. Drum roll,
please. Here is crude oil on the 1 hour
time frame. So, we got a few different
ways that we can go back in time and see
how this trade played out. First option
is the easiest. It's what a lot of
people know. It is the replay tool in
Trading View. So if you are looking for
a place to back test and truly collect
data on different strategies, different
playbooks and visually be able to see
your stats from the back testing session
along with real-time entry criteria that
you can actively check off in a trade, I
would recommend Tradezella. Tradezella,
I know a lot of people think it's just a
trade journaling platform. It is, and
it's an amazing one at that, but there's
so much more to Tradzilla than I think a
lot of you guys realize. So, I want to
show you guys the back testing tool on
Tradezella. One of the many cool
features that it has. Uh, I'm talking AI
feedback on your trades, which is just
absolutely mindblowing. Back testing
tools, education, trading stats. Think
of it like the um Google Analytics of
your trading. It's going to give you all
of the data. You can really nerd out
with all things on Tradezella and even
more to come. So, if you're not using
Tradezela, you're probably not as
serious of a trader. And I say that with
love. I have been using Tradzilla for a
hot minute now and have seen incredible
results in my trading just being able to
like narrow down what's working and then
double down on it and then start to comb
out what's not working but clearly be
able to see it in front of me. All
right, so we've got Tradzilla pulled up
here. A few things I want to point out.
So we got a lot of great features here
in Tradzilla. You can see my profit and
loss, the win streak that I'm on, all of
the trades that I have so far. Full
transparency, Tradzella is not a
verified third-party auditing system.
Can Trade Zelda be modified? And could I
fake $57,000? Sure, I could. Do I care
to? No, I don't. But just letting you
know that I'm not trying to use this to
showcase or give myself credentials. But
this is where I get to analyze all of my
data, all of my stats here. I can do
trade replay. I can do my progress
tracker. I can look at my reports for
each trade. So, you can really nerd out
here in just the home dashboard. But
then if you go to the left, we've got
back testing, mentor mode, which is what
I use to see every single one of my
sister's trades. I can spy on her
trades, see when she's going on tilt,
see her entire stats for the year so
far. Mentor mode, coolest feature for
someone like myself, and then also just
the university section where they give
tons of education here. So, if you're
interested in signing up for Tradezella,
I have a code that is either 10% off of
the monthly subscription if you use code
Tory 10 or if you're looking to use this
for the year, which I highly recommend.
If you're just using this for the month,
sure, maybe to test it out. I get that.
Highly recommend using this for the
year. This is something that I have used
for years on end. If you're interested
in signing up for the full year, I've
got 20% off. And if you use code Tori
20, that'll get you 20% off the full
year subscription. But how do we go to
the back testing session in Tradezella
here? Let's do it. Now, I have already
did a full back testing session on this
crude oil three touch point trend line
break A+ setup. So, I just wanted to see
the difference between trading the
micros and trading the minis with a
smaller starting balance or smaller
amount of capital versus a larger amount
of capital. So, it was cool to see
either scenario amazing setup here. This
is a case where there wasn't any
discrepancies. There wasn't like you
didn't have to have any intuition or
close early or break any rules. This was
like a purely buy the book setup here.
So, we are doing our back testing
session here in Micro Crude Oil on the 1
hour time frame. I have already done my
top- down analysis. So, if you don't
know what a top down analysis is or how
to implement that with a trend line
trading strategy, I did a full breakdown
on how to do a top- down analysis from
start to finish, step by step, what
rules to abide by, what guidelines to
follow. So, if you don't know how to do
that yet, watch that video, then come
back and then we can do this together.
All right, we got the break. I'm a
breakout trader. This is signaling an
entry for me. Some questions that you
might already have. One, do you enter
upon break or two, do you wait for the
candle to close? You can do either one.
This is a 1 hour time frame. So waiting
for the candle to close is an option.
Obviously, it's a possibility. You can
totally do it. But keep in mind, we need
to be very aware of the type of
conditions that we are in. If we're
waiting for an entire candle to close,
an entire 1 hour candle to close, price
could move so fast, so far from your
entry that you might miss the entire
move by simply waiting for the candle to
close. So, just being aware of the
conditions that we're in right now and
knowing what additional confirmation do
I need to add or not add in a situation
or a scenario like this. So, I'm going
to enter at market, but where does my
stop need to go? Coolest part about this
strategy, I use market structure to help
me identify where to place my stop. Now,
what does that mean? What if market
structure is telling me to take a $5,000
loss or a $100 loss or a $500 loss? This
is where position size matters. If
market structure is showing you a
significant distance between entry,
safety line, and stop-loss, which if you
don't know what safety line is, or how
my risk is dynamic or how I incorporate
market structure into my stops, watch
this video here where I broke down
something that I call the safety line.
If you haven't seen it, go check it out
and then come back here and we'll pick
it up. Otherwise, if you already know
what a safety line is, amazing. This is
it right here. If market structure is
showing you a significant distance
between entry and safety line or entry
and stop-loss, there's a few things we
can do. Lower position size, duh,
easiest one. If we can't, right now
we're trading one contract of micro
crude, we can't go any lower. Now, this
is with futures. If you're trading CFDs
or anything else, you can always reduce
position size. In this scenario, we
can't go any lower than one contract.
Otherwise, if you do have more capital
and you normally trade with two to three
to four to five contracts, you can
simply just reduce your position size
and then boom, you have just tightened
the stop or mitigated some of that risk.
Second thing you can do, pass up on the
trade. Hardest thing to do, not many
traders can do it. Being able to stomach
this entry would be too high risk for my
capital size. I got to pass this up and
watch the trade go without me. Hardest
thing to do as a trader is going to save
you a lot of money and a lot of
heartache. But where I'm going to place
my stop for this specific setup is if
the price of crude violates this upward
trend line that I'm anticipating it to
respect that I'm willing to take my
loss. Now this is my initial risk. As
price progresses, I get to modify my
risk. I get to move my risk. I get to
trail my stop. I get to move it from my
initial loss or my initial risk to break
even to then from break even to profit
and then continue to trail it in profit
until it violates the trend line. So
that's what we're looking for. So, if
the price of crude right now at 9509
comes down and violates this upward
trend line, I'm willing to put my stop
at 9362
somewhere around here. Depending on how
heavy of a position you can come in or
not, you can have more room. You could
come down to 9305, 9350, 9377. Depending
on how much room you have to play with
as far as the position sizing goes, will
allow you to either be wider with your
stop or have to come in tighter. I'm
going to come in around this like 93.
We'll say 54. 93 54. All right, we are
in our position size. We are risking
$155 in this position and we are in a
long position. Let's see how this plays
out. Now, before we continue, I want to
walk you guys through the entry criteria
here. So, we're going to go into our
journal section, trade notes. We're
going to hit the edit icon on this
position specifically. We're going to go
to strategies here. I'm going to add my
three touch point trend line break
strategy here. Boom. Now, in order for
all criteria to be met in this specific
strategy, the three touch point, trend
line break, we need to be in trending
markets, which we are. The trend line
needs to have three touch points. Now,
this is the trend line that got broken.
So, let's go back and just verify real
quick. One, two,
and three touch points here. Price has
just broken a downward three touch point
trend line. Okay, we can check that off.
Lowrisk scenario. Is the price close to
the safety line? Yes, we're taking on
$150 worth of risk. We've got a low-risk
scenario. Price is very close to the
safety line. And now, last thing, is
there over a week's worth of data on the
downward trend line that just got
broken? How long had it respected the
trend line previously before we get in
on this break or on this potential
reversal? First touch point dates back
to March 8th. We got the break on March
27th. Plenty of data behind this trend
line, so we can go ahead and mark that
off. This right here is the formula for
an A+ setup. We are in trending markets.
We've got a lot of volatility, a lot of
momentum. All criteria was met. The
trend line has three touch points. We've
got a lowrisk scenario, lowrisk setup
where price is close to a safety line.
And we've got over a week's worth of
data on the trend line that just got
broken. Now, how do we manage the trade?
How long do we stay in? How much profit
are we going to make? Is this going to
be a loss? Is this going to be a win? Is
this going to be break even? How long am
I going to have to stay in this? We
allow market structure to tell us. We
allow price action to tell us all of the
answers to all of those questions. Are
we going to make millions if not
trillions? Probably not. But the
conditions that we're in complement this
breakout strategy so beautifully. I want
to walk you guys through the trade
management on this one here. So, I'm
going to close my strategy system. Okay.
So, now for the most exciting part.
Let's see how this trade plays out. Next
candle. Beautiful. We're up 100 bucks.
We're already almost at 1:1R. Okay. 103.
Still not quite there yet. Boom. 193. We
have now made 1.5 times more than our
initial risk. But now, as price is
progressing, it's moving along this
upward trend line. We want to trail our
stop. Now, what we do want for price to
do is create some sort of pullback or
some sort of swing low while still
respecting this trend line to move our
stop up to. So, we haven't gotten a
swing low yet. All right, we're up 170
bucks. Okay, boom. There we go. Now,
we're up 268. price created an ever so
slight small swing or pullback towards
the upward trend line. We can now
completely just skip the break even alto
together and move this stop in profit.
So now if the price of crude violates
this upward trend line and comes down to
this 9597
close us out of this trade. Worst case
scenario is a profit of $88 here. Now,
this is also where a lot of people get
very confused when it comes to the
risk-to-reward, your R multiple, how
much you're risking versus how much
reward you're looking for. Since this
strategy is so incredibly dynamic, I'm
putting myself in position for a very
high RR or a very high R multiple. Maybe
I could get a 1:5 1 or there's many
times where I get a 0.5 R. But this
isn't because I was aiming to make only
a portion of what I was willing to risk.
This is just what the price gave me.
This is just what the price did. I've
got my initial risk, my initial stop,
the initial loss that I'm willing to
take, and then I let price action do the
rest. So, if I only get a portion of
what I was willing to risk, that's
because that's what price did. So, in
this scenario, my original risk was that
$150. My reward, if price comes up and
breaks this steeper upward trend line,
would only be $88. So, you just have to
understand that the risk is incredibly
dynamic. It moves from that initial 1 to
2% of risk and then as price progresses
you get to move it to break even. Then
you get to move it in profit. So it's
very dynamic. But let's keep going.
Let's see what happens. All right, we're
up 300 bucks. We're up 289. Now we're up
371. Price created another ever so
slightly very small swing low or
pullback here and then continued to
respect the trend line. So we're going
to take that stop and do exactly what we
just did before. We moved it from that
initial risk to 9597. Now we're taking
that stop and moving it to this new
swing low which is this 96.87. Now worst
case scenario is $178. So now worst case
scenario is that 1 one or just ever so
slightly above but we don't know if this
is what we're going to get. So this is
what's so very different about this
strategy specifically is we don't know
what the reward is going to be. So we
know our risk, we know our initial risk,
but it trails and it's dynamic and the
reward we never know. But we're always
putting oursel in position for best case
scenario in case it does just continue
to rip. So, right now, worst case
scenario is a profit of $178. Right now,
we're up $371. All right. And it's
continuing to push higher and higher and
higher. Now, we're up $49.
$458.
I'm going to continue to trail this
stop. Now, keep in mind, guys, each one
of these candles is an hour. So, every
time I've moved this stop, there's been
around like three to four candles that
have gone by. So, I'm adjusting my stop
every 3 to four almost 5 hours here.
One, two, three, four, five for the
first one. One, two, three, four candles
for the next one. And now 1 2 3 4 five
can. Another five candles go by for the
next adjustment. All right, we're moving
our stock to 98.58.
Now, worst case scenario is $349.
Let's continue. Boom. Now, let's go over
exit criteria. Price is reacting to a
key resistance level here. What does
this mean? What are our options? What
should we do? I want to walk you guys
through exit criteria really quick.
Journal, trade notes,
strategies,
exit criteria. Two things can be met in
order for us to exit our position. First
and foremost, support and resistance. Is
price at or near an area of support and
resistance? Is price at or near a key
level that is likely to react to and
then bounce off or fall off? Depending
on if it's support or resistance, it'll
gravitate towards this key level or
towards this price and then reject it.
If we go back in time and look at what
crude did every time it got to this
10135, we'd be fairly smart to think,
okay, maybe the price of crude is going
to get to this 10135 and then completely
reject. It did it over here to the left.
It got close but not quite and then
completely fell off. Here again on the
22nd, pulled back, tested it again,
completely fell off. Would it be valid
to think that the price of crude might
completely fall off once it reaches this
10135? Yes. Could you close here? Yes.
Could you go ahead and take your $629
profit with only having to risk $150?
Yes, valid. A few options here. One,
closing at support and resistance.
Completely valid, completely fair.
Especially if you've been in this trade
for hours upon hours upon hours upon
hours, you very well could just be tired
and ready to close this trade. Also,
this candle is happening on a Friday.
You're getting ready to have to either
hold this trade through the weekend or
close now for your profit and be done.
Trade has ended, trade is closed. You
don't have to worry about the markets
opening back up on Sunday. So, a few
options here. Now, depending on where
you're at in your trading, maybe you're
comfortable holding through the weekend.
Maybe you've got enough margin in your
account to hold overnight, to hold
through the weekend. Maybe you've got a
larger amount of capital to work with.
Maybe you don't. Maybe you have smaller
capital. You can't hold trades overnight
or you can't hold trades over the
weekend. So, you do have to close at
this support and resistance area. So,
we'll say for those traders that have
the smaller capital, are not comfortable
holding overnight or holding through the
weekend, and are simply just tired of
being in that trade and ready to close,
this right here is a perfect exit. 101
135. Take it. take those profits. Now,
for those of you guys that had the
bigger capital, had the risk tolerance
to be able to hold over the weekend or
overnight, you might be staying in your
trade, which would be the second exit
criteria, waiting for the safety line to
get crossed. So, we'll go over, we'll
keep this trade going and see at what
point would that trader have closed this
trade. Okay. So for the trader that has
the smaller capital or is just whatever
reason, any one of the reasons I
mentioned before, wanting to close at
support and resistance, you can go ahead
and select that last exit criteria and
you have followed five out of five of
your rules. You can go ahead and close
that position. Done. $629
in your pocket. Position closed. Boom.
Trade executed. Incredible
risk-to-reward ratio. All rules
followed. breakout strategy complemented
by the high volatility that we're
getting accured right now. Way to go.
You did an amazing setup. Now, for those
of you guys that did have the higher
capital and wanted to hold until the
safety line was crossed, let's go over
that scenario here. Now, we are on the
replay feature of Trading View and I
want to get you guys all the way caught
up to real-time price action or at least
at minimum until price breaks this trend
line for the other example or the other
trader case scenario. So, Friday candle
closes here at 10118. Now, what happens
on Sunday night? Market open. Crude oil.
Boom. We got a gap up. Gap up. Big push.
Continuing to move in your favor, but
price hasn't violated the safety line
yet. Okay. Still hasn't violated the
safety line yet. Okay. We got a pretty
big push. Pretty big pullback here, but
then a continuation. It's still going.
Okay. Now, we're hesitating a little
bit. We're hanging out. It looks like
this 10142ish area is really pulling the
price of crude. Okay. Is this it? Price
is very close to our upward safety line.
Are we going to get the break? Are we
finally going to get our exit criteria
met for the trader that was using the
safety line for their exit? Boom. We got
it. Price just violated our safety line
finally. Now, go figure. It ends up
being at around the same area that the
trader closed at support and resistance.
But this is walking guys through the
exact scenario of what crude is giving
us right now. being able to capitalize
on the momentum, capitalize on the
volatility and put yourself in position
for moves like this and knowing when
conditions are in your favor. Now, I
want to walk us through all the way to
real-time price action here. So, I'm
going to continue to see what happens.
Was it great that we closed? Did it go
even higher? I want to walk you guys
through like the mental capital or the
mental aspect of it. When you close a
trade and you watch it push higher, you
always think, I shouldn't have closed.
And I want to walk you guys through how
that is not conducive to your trading
and that does create a bad habit. Price
broke, puttered out completely. That's
hours upon hours upon hours of no
movement. It's just hanging around this
10142. Okay, you're thinking, "Thank
gosh, I closed, right? We got this huge
pullback. Now I can see an area to
readjust my downward trend line."
Here we go. Now I've got a new area for
my upward trend line. Am I thinking of
taking another entry here? I could
consider another long position here. We
won't go over that now. I want to just
get us all the way to real-time price
action. Could it be a long position?
Yep. We've got our downward trend line.
We've got our upward trend line. We
could walk through all of our criteria.
Price is close to our upward safety
line. It's pushing. It's hesitating.
It's giving us a retest and then a
continuation. A different type of setup.
Different type of trader, different type
of entry criteria would have been meant
for traders that do the break and retest
here in crude. But we're still getting
that push. Now, are you thinking I
shouldn't have closed? No. You
capitalized on a beautiful move here, a
huge chunk of this momentum. Yes, we got
a pullback here that kicked us out, but
it very well could have completely
retraced in the opposite direction here.
So, we were just able to capitalize on
one of these pushes. So, don't let
something like this to where it
continues to push create any bad habits
to where you think, you know what, next
time I'm not going to close. Next time
I'm going to hold it a little bit longer
because next time you could get a
complete retracement and then you have
just given up all of your profits. But
now, let's keep going here. Now, the
trader that took a additional long
position. All right, they're in and
boom, now they're out. Price completely
pulled back and we're still just hanging
out around this 10142. Okay, we're
pushing. We created another break and
retest to the downside.
But now look at this price action after
such a big push. Did we make it to
realtime price action? Okay, we're at
real-time price action right now. We
have just got some consolidation. Price
cannot seem to continue to drop back
below this 10142. Price made this big
push and now we are just consolidating.
We're snapping back and forth in either
direction. Being able to capitalize on
that push when it happened and then to
be able to close and avoid getting
snapped back and forth in this
consolidation is crucial. So, what are
the final takeaways here? What did we
learn from this A+ setup here that
happened in crude? One, I want to show
you guys what real trading looks like.
This is real-time price action. This is
what crude just did. The conditions that
we're currently in. This isn't a
cherrypicked trade from months ago,
years ago. This is real-time current
events and real-time price action that
crude is giving us. And this is what my
specific strategy would have been able
to put us in position for when we were
presented with this entry. But it's
about identifying an A+ setup. First of
all, did all of the stars align? Was all
of our criteria met? Yes. This is what
it looks like to capitalize when all the
stars align. the market structure, the
momentum, the volatility, the conditions
that we're in in crude right now along
with all of your entry criteria,
everything aligned in this scenario. And
remembering that the the strategy itself
is not driven by news. I'm not looking
at the headlines. I'm not looking at
every single news article here. I'm just
very aware of the geopolitical position
that we're in, the geopolitical news
that's happening right now. And I know
that we are in a very high volatile
environment. So I know that this
environment complements my strategy. So
I want to be able to capitalize. So the
uncertainty of the oil supply, it's
creating a lot of expansion and the very
big pushes. So when you get a clean
break like this and you're in a market
that already has momentum behind it, the
moves don't just like break and then
kind of hang out and putter out and get
this slow and steady wins the race. You
get that break and then it tends to
follow through aggressively. So that's
what you guys are seeing here. So I'm
not reacting to news, but I'm
understanding the conditions that we're
in, putting ourselves in positions for
high quality setups like these. So, same
process, same system, but we're
executing it in the right environment.
So, that's what I really wanted to
emphasize on today's video. I know this
is a bit more of an advanced video. Um,
maybe it is, maybe it's not. Maybe some
of you guys are advanced and watching
this, you're like, it's pretty
elementary, but it's just understanding
when the conditions complement the
strategy. And this right here is chef's
kiss. This is when it happens. This is
when it aligns. This right here is a
perfect A+ setup. This is exactly how it
plays out when executed correctly. clean
structure, clear confirmation in a very
defined way to manage your risk, but
then showing you guys the actual process
of trailing that stop. What does it look
like? How often do I do it? But this is
the kind of free value that I'm giving
on my channel here. So, take this, study
it, and then try to execute the same
kind of setup on your own charts. Be
very aware of the conditions that we're
in and aware what suits or complements
your strategy specifically. If this
interested you on the setup or the
strategy specifically, I'm doing a full
live master class on my strategy step by
step, walking you guys through the full
system. If you're interested in joining
my live master class, hit the link in
the description below and I'll see you
guys there. Quick bonus, if you made it
this far, um I do want to walk you guys
through the trades that I've been able
to place or the trades I've been able to
capitalize on while trading in these
conditions with crude. So, I've taken
long positions, short positions. We've
just got so much movement and so much
momentum in crude that I've been able to
take a few trades on all of its
movement. So, I'll walk you guys through
just some quick movement here if you've
made it this far. Fun little bonus for
you. All right, so I'm going to my
homepage here. Okay, so this is my year
to date. We're up 57,626.
Maybe it means something to you, maybe
it doesn't. I have taken five trades so
far this year. Started the year off very
small, very light. Was only looking for,
you know, a few thousand bucks. I did a
$6,700 trade, a $6,600 trade, $7,900
trade. I'm just working up the momentum.
I'm getting myself kind of acclimated to
the year. But still, the coolest part
about this is I'm taking long positions,
short positions, long positions, short
positions. Then I kind of started to
find my footing. I was able to
capitalize on an $18,000 trade in crude
and then yet another $18,000 trade in
crude. So, I'm just looking for the
consistency. I'm capitalizing on the
conditions that we're in. I'm loving the
volatility and I'm just being aware or
in the know of the geopolitical news
that we're in that's creating this
volatility here in crude specifically or
in the energies specifically. So, thanks
for hanging out, guys. Hope this was
helpful. That's all I have for you guys
today.
