My open range breakout trading strategy
 
is unstoppable. I grow accounts. I
withdraw profits. And my dog Honey can
confirm this. Look, I use range
breakouts of confirmation of trend
direction. I get a pullback to my area
of interest and I collect my profits
withdrawing over 700,000 this year so
far. Now, I don't promise or guarantee
any results, but I will show you my
exact trading process with real life
trading examples to show you why I
believe this is the best trading
strategy for Forex, futures, indices,
crypto, everything. So, smash that like
button, subscribe to the channel, watch
for free VIP access codes hidden
throughout the video, and let's win some
trades. Step one of my strategy is to
set the range. I'm on the 15minute time
frame on Trading View. I have my time at
UTC minus4. Just copy that. We have the
9:15 candle right here. The candle we
care about is the 930 candle. This is
the New York Stock Exchange open candle.
We're going to use this to set our
range. So once that candle is closed, we
simply set the top of the range with the
top wick and the bottom of the range
with the bottom of the wick. And this is
our trading range for the day. Now we
come to the 5-minut time frame. Here we
simply want to see if the candle is
going to close above or below the range.
And you can see we just had the candle
close above the range. Right there,
giving us our trend confirmation for the
day. We want to place some buy trades.
Where are we going to buy from, though?
That comes next. But before we get into
step two, comment below and tell me what
characteristics you have that think
you'll be a profitable long-term trader.
Let's be positive today and I'll give
three of those comments free access to
my VIP room. Okay, for step two, we're
talking entries. This is probably the
most important part and we're really
measuring the impulse. So, you could see
right here, we get a big impulsive move
out right here. On a move like this,
we're probably going to enter at the top
of the range. So, we would be going long
from here. Now, let's say the move is
less impulsive. Let's say it's kind of a
medium move like this. Well, then you're
probably looking to enter at the range
midline going long from here. And maybe
your move is really, really weak,
something like this. And then you'd be
looking to enter at the range bottom
line. All determined by the strength of
the impulsive move outside of the range.
Now, ideally, you have additional
confluences like on this one here. Maybe
you have a level of demand down here,
which is just a big impulsive move of
multiple green candles in a row. That's
entries. Now, let's get back into our
trade here with step three, trade
management. So, we need to figure out
where we're going to place this trade,
right? So, let's continue to watch the
move play out and see exactly what we
get. If you're a viewer of this channel,
you already know what you're seeing. 1 2
3 4 5 six green candles in a row. an
impulsive move creating a level of
demand on the red candle before the big
push up. So now we have a level of
demand. We know this is a good demand
because we also have a fair value gap
right here and another fair value gap
right here which tells us we had some
incredibly big buyers pushing the market
up. So on this trade we had a huge
impulsive move out of the zone. So
generally we would be looking at the top
line right here. But I want to get in at
demand because demand is always a strong
level. So I'm going to put my long right
at the top of the demand. I'm going to
target recent price. Something like
this. You can see we hit this level over
here as well. And for my stop loss,
since I'm entering near the range
midline, I'm going to put it below the
bottom line and below the demand. This
gives me a riskreward of 2.67. And as we
continue to play this out, you could see
we're tapping into the trade right
there. The candle closed in the demand
zone, which is exactly what we want to
see. That means the demand zone is
likely going to hold. And we can
continue to watch this trade play out as
it goes all the way up and eventually
smashes my takerit at this level right
here. Now, I'm going to give you three
quick rules so you lose less trades with
my orb trading strategy and then we'll
do some live trades. Rule number one, no
massive range. When we see big, huge
candles giving us a big range, the orb
does not catch that price. As you can
see, it didn't catch price here, here,
or here. Stick to trading a smaller
trading range. Rule number two, don't
catch big candles. Look, you get the
push you want, but the big candles smash
your stop loss. Get the smaller candles,
have a little bit of slow and momentum,
and then you're going to win the trade.
And rule three, earlier is better. You
get the break early, you get the retest
early, and you enter the trade. You
don't want to be waiting all day for the
break, and you don't want to be waiting
all day for the retest. As soon as it
hits 12:00 p.m. Eastern, forget about
it. Now, you're ready for some trading.
But before we do, if you're wondering
where I trade, I trade with the AAFX
broker. The spreads are low, the
commissions are low, the conditions for
trading are fantastic, and registration
is absolutely free. So, click the link
in the description right now and let's
trade. Now, I'm going to show you some
live trades I've taken recently using
this orb trading strategy. The first
example is trade with the trend. The
second example is something we should
all learn from. And the third trade is
the counter trend trade. So you know how
to use this in all market conditions.
All right. So on trade one, you can see
price is starting to trade above that
200 period EMA making a big separation.
So we are trading with the trend. Next
thing we have is our range creation.
Right? We've got the top of the range
right there and we have the bottom of
the range right here. I'm already on the
5minut time frame and I already got a
small break out the top right here. You
can see the price pulled back pretty
quickly and I really I could have got
into a trade right here. Then we had
another break and I could have got into
the trade down here as well, but I was
being a little bit more patient this
morning waiting for more of an impulsive
move. And there is that impulsive move,
right? We got 1 2 3 4 five green candles
in a row. We had multiple fair value
gaps. Another here, another here,
showing us that we had really strong
buyers at this level. So, we have a
demand zone on the red candle before the
big push up. And because our move out
the top isn't incredibly impulsive,
we're happy to let the price come down
where all the way down to the bottom of
our level here. So, you could see here
we had a couple of candles that was a
big red candle. So, I was a little bit
concerned, but it closed in the demand
and then I waited for a positive
response. I didn't enter right away. So
you can see right here I waited for a
positive response and then I entered and
you could see we respected that demand
zone. We started to push the price up.
We started to get the reaction that we
wanted with some big green candles and
then we were all the way up to the
takerit right here. And as an additional
level of confluence, I'm always marking
from the swing low to the swing high
just like this. and just making sure
that I'm entering my trade below that
50% mark in our discounted price zone.
Now, I want to show you a trade that I
placed that we can learn from because it
was a bad trade. It was a trade that I
lost. So, you can see here we were in a
huge uptrend here on NASDAQ. We had a
massive pullback and that pullback broke
the market structure here. So, I was
thinking when price would come up to my
supply zone here that we might push
down, but really it was going against my
own rules, right? What's that rule I
always tell you? Don't trade a massive
range. And you also shouldn't be selling
from the bottom of the range, right? We
should be selling from the top of the
range. So, I lost this trade, but the
next day I actually came back really
strong. Why? Because I followed my
rules. So, look here. Here we have it. A
much smaller range, a clean break to the
bottom, a strong level of supply that
got tapped near the top of the range,
and then price cascaded down, and I made
up the profit on this trade that I lost
on the last one. For our third and final
trade, we had a huge downtrend right
here. So, this was a counter trend
trade. Let me show you how I approached
this in the markets. And I won a
boatload on this position, let me tell
you. So the first thing I did is I drew
my trend line from the top here. We had
many touches of that trend line. So I'm
looking for that trend line to get a
break and close. Okay. So let's zoom all
the way in here and see what's going on.
Well, you could see we already have our
range set up right there. So let's draw
the top of the range. Let's draw the
bottom of the range. And we're waiting
for the candle to break and close. Look,
break and close above our range and also
through our trend line. Two reasons for
us to buy. This is telling us we may
have that market reversal now to the
upside. So, let's continue to play this
out and see what's happening. Look,
huge, huge candles. We're talking
massive fair value gap in right here.
So, we've got big buyers at this level.
Now, you might be saying, Pat, why
aren't you drawing that demand just on
the candle body? Well, one, it's a small
candle, and two, because we have the top
of the range. So, I want to be tapping
in to the top of the range, right? That
way, I'm using the top of the range as a
support along with my demand. So, I'm
simply waiting for the price to come
back down. And because the price is such
a high move up, we want to target the
top of the range, not the bottom of the
range. It's not going to get there. So
on this candle right here, you could see
it tapped the demand. It tapped the top
of the range and it shot up immediately.
I was already into the trade at this
moment. Now, at this point, it decided
to use my trailing stop indicator. This
one right here. So, I didn't really have
a set takerit here. Okay? But I'll leave
that box up for you to see. And let's
play it out. You could see right here,
the price is being contained. What it's
being contained right here by that
indicator. This is the trailing stop
indicator, right? And we only want to
exit the trade when the price comes back
through that level. So you could see
right here, price is pushing up. I had a
level of resistance right here. You
could see this was a resistance level.
Price reacted off of that resistance
level and pushed down on that candle,
but I was holding the trade. We didn't
break through. We were just continuing.
And then we did break through that
level. So, I felt pretty good about that
level right there. And then price pushed
up. Now, I didn't exit the trade here.
Okay. Still tracking this trailing stop
line right there. And so, I'm playing
this position out. And you could see
right here, we're still doing quite well
until there. We broke through it right
here. I stuck with it a little bit and
then I decided to exit the trade on this
candle right here.
Now, I did have a consideration of
waiting for price to come back to this
support level right here, but we're
already one, two, three red candles in a
row. I wasn't sure if this level would
catch. So, based on the price action, I
decided to exit the trade. And that was
a good decision because you could see
price pushed down aggressively after
that with more red candles. And if I
play this out, it pushed down even
further. So, I made the right decision
and made a good chunk of change on this
position. So, if you have any questions
about my orb trading strategy, leave a
comment below, smash the like button,
subscribe to the channel, join my VIP
trading room. We are nine wins and one
loss in our last 10 trades. I'm in an
open VIP trade winning right now. So,
join the room. Watch this video right
here. Definitely watch this video right
here. And I'll be back next week. Much
love. Up.
