All of these trading results are [music]
 
from my members using my 9:30 a.m.
candle scalping strategy and the exact
strategy I'll be using on vacation all
week long here with my beautiful family.
Trading has given me the ability to live
the life of a.1enter. [music]
And today's trading strategy is a big
reason why. Now, I never promise or
guarantee any results, [music] but if
this helps you, smash that like button,
subscribe to the channel, and let's dive
in.
With this strategy, I'm trading futures,
forex, crypto, everything. And I've been
able to back test this trading strategy
to an 81% win rate with very specific
rules. Now, without my rules, I can
barely get this strategy to a 50% win
rate. So, I'm going to teach you those,
but let's start with the basics. Step
one, defining the opening range. Now,
I'm always doing this at 9:30 a.m.
Eastern on the 15minute time frame. Just
come to the bottom right here. Make sure
you have UTC minus 5. And then I'm
looking at this candle. This is the
first 15minute candle. [music]
After the market opens, it goes down, it
goes up, and then it's done. Then all
I'm doing is marking out the top of that
candle, marking out the bottom of that
candle. Now, this price range represents
the initial balance between buyers and
sellers and acts as the key decision
zone during this session. Now, for step
two, I'm coming to the 5minut time
frame. I just want to confirm the
breakout. So, all I'm waiting for is the
price to break and close above or below
this level. You could see right now it
broke and closed above. So, this break
and close right there gives me the
market direction and tells me I want to
start looking for buy trades. And for
step three, all we're doing is entering
our buy position. You could put our stop
loss below the wick right there. And
then we can let this trading position
play out and smash a takerit. Now,
before I get into my personal rules, I
want you to comment your trading goal
for 2026. I'm going to give free access
to my VIP trading room to the five
comments I like most. So, obviously,
these three steps were a little too
easy. And with that simple explanation,
I'm looking at a 48% win rate. But once
I establish my very specific rules,
[music] things that most traders just
miss, I'm looking at a win rate of 81%.
So, let's start with the problems and
then get into the solutions. Now, the
first problem with the 9:30 a.m.
scalping strategy is something I call
fake breakouts. price breaks out the
bottom, you put your stop loss above
that candle's wick, you go for about a
one to one, maybe more, and then you
play that trade out. What happens with
the trading position? It actually goes
against you. It's a fake breakout. You
want it to go down, it actually goes up,
smashes your stop-loss. Problem number
two, I don't have to switch charts. It's
weak breakouts. Look, we're going long
on this candle close right there, but
our wick stop loss below that candle
target about a one. But what happens?
Look, it's another fake breakout. This
time off of a weak candle. Price goes
down, almost immediately, smashes the
stop-loss, right? Even though this is a
big candle right here, it barely gets
out of the zone, making it a prime
candidate for another fake breakout. And
the third problem, look, overtrading
every single breakout. Look, we're
breaking out the bottom. We're breaking
out the top. We're breaking out
constantly. And what's happening? We're
trading every single breakout. Don't do
this. It's a bad idea. you trade every
single one of these breakouts, you're
just going to keep losing trades. And
the fourth problem is trading against
basic market structure. Look, I just all
I have to do is zoom out a little bit
right here. And what do you see? We have
a very clear level of support. Price
suspected that level here, here, here,
and here. So, if I zoom back in, and
you're taking your sell trade right
here, you're taking that sell trade at a
higher timeframe level of support. never
a good idea. But don't worry, I've been
trading this scalping strategy for 17
years. So, I'm going to give you the
fixes and show you the rules I put in
place to get to an 81% win rate with
this strategy. Now, the way that I fix
these problems is with my two favorite
orb entry models. For entry model number
one, we're creating the range. Price
comes out very aggressively, largebodied
candles, minimal wicks, and creates a
level of demand. That push up is
multiple green candles in one direction.
Then I'm just waiting for price to come
back to that demand. I want a specific
candle pattern right here. I'll show you
in the live examples. Then I'm going to
enter my trading position, tighten my
stop loss, and then price is going to
push up and smash my takerit. Then the
second one, same thing. We create our
level right here. Price pushes up a
little bit, then comes out aggressively.
And in that aggressive push up, we
create a fair value gap. Then I want
price to come back down to that fair
value gap, give me a specific
candlestick pattern. Then I'm going to
stop-loss right here, and price is going
to push up to my takerit. All because
we're using displacement. This big move
right here, this big move right here,
it's it's creating breaks of structure
with largebodied candles and minimal
wick creating displacement. This is
telling us there's real intention in the
market and price is likely going to
[music] continue in that direction. Let
me show you the live charts. So, let's
start with entry model number one. This
is a live trade that I actually took.
Look, we are here on the 15minut time
frame, right? We're looking at that one
candle. That candle that goes up, it
goes down creating our range high and
our range low for the day. Then I'm
coming to the 5minut time frame. So,
what am I looking for in this one? I'm
looking for green candles, big green
candles. I'm looking for displacement. 1
2 3 four big green candles in a row.
That creates a level of demand on this
candle right down here. So then I'm
simply waiting for price to come back to
that level of demand. Right? That's what
I want to see. And then what do I want
to see after that? I want to see my
candle pattern. What candle pattern was
that? This one right here. I wanted to
see a bullish engulfing pattern. So, you
have a red candle right here and it is
engulfed by [music] the green candle.
And I'm going to enter at that candle
close. I'm going to put my stop loss
right down here, right below this level.
Generally, I'm targeting about 2% and
then we want to scroll out. Okay, look,
we do have a little bit of a resistance
level forming right here. That's fine.
Don't worry. We could still place the
trade. As the trade plays out, I will be
looking at that resistance [music]
level. So you could see price is pushing
towards that level and you can see we
actually react down off of that level.
So this candle right here reacts down
off of that level. Now as that happens
I'm going to set my stop loss to break
even because it's an obvious level of
resistance. And sometimes I'll take
about 20% of the trade off here as well.
Okay, a partial profit. Then I'll let
that trade continue out on this one. It
was an awesome trade here and I went for
2% smashing my takeprofit. Now you may
say why was that the takerit? Well, I
went for 2% [music]
and if we look over here there was no
real history here. So there was nothing
for me to go on. There was no fair value
gap or supply zone for me to target. So
I just went for 2% and it was a
beautiful trade. So let's look at this
next live trade that I placed here. What
do we have? We have our open range being
created. So, I have my top of the range
here. I have my bottom of the range
right here. We just got an impulsive
reaction off of that hourly support. And
we're looking for displacement. We have
these big green candles. That's exactly
what we're looking for. And in those big
green candles, what do we create? We
create a fair value gap. This is a three
candle pattern. You could see now what
is a fair value gap? I'll zoom in. I'll
show you. Okay. It's a three candle
pattern. This candle right here, that's
where the wick ends. This candle right
here, that's where the wick ends.
Creating a huge level of imbalance right
here and creating the displacement we
need, telling us that the market is
going in an upward direction, telling us
that the buyers are actually in control
here. So, what am I waiting for? I'm
waiting for the price now to return,
right? We also got a nice break of
structure right here. We're waiting for
that price to come to the fair value
gap. And once it's in that fair value
gap, what are we looking for? We're
looking for our bullish engulfing
pattern. It isn't there yet. It isn't
there yet. It's there right now. So,
this candle right here is being engulfed
by the bigger candle right here. And
this is a momentum marker. It's telling
us there's momentum that the price can
start pushing up. Yeah, we want to look
and see is there any crazy level of
resistance here. Not really. You
actually have a level up here and that
was the level that I was looking to
target, right? That was the last time
price really pushed down aggressively.
So, that was where I targeted. And for
my stop loss, I just had it around this
level below the midline. You can see I
got the midline right there below my
fair value gap. If you want to go safer,
you could put it below the hourly
support, but I was looking for a good
riskreward on this one. About 1 to
three, and then I'm into the trading
position. You can see it starts pushing
up. It starts pushing up. Now, at this
point right here, you may be looking at
this as a minor resistance level, right?
So, at this point, you may take that
stop, bring that up to break even. Maybe
you take about 30% off of the trade
right here, and then you let the rest
run to see what [music] happens. Are you
going to get the breakthrough? You get
the breakthrough. You're feeling pretty
good. And then you're just waiting for
the position to go all the way up to
that takerit and smash that baby right
there. Perfect orb setups. Perfect 9:30
a.m. scalping strategy. Take a look at
that support. Make sure you're getting
displacement and your orb trades will be
much better. Now, if you like this
analysis, consider joining my VIP
trading room. The link is in the
description or check out the robot that
I created that trades this strategy
absolutely automatic in your trading
account or get some free trades in my
free room. Either way, [music] thanks
for coming. Leave a comment, like the
video, watch this video right here.
Definitely watch this video right here
and I'll be back next week. Much love.
