What if I told you that there's a
 
specific way of trading against the
trend to actually win? Which, if you
guys have been part of this channel for
a very long time or have seen my videos
before, this literally goes against
everything that I have been teaching up
to this point. And I'm talking about a
particular strategy that has never been
shown [music] before in my channel
because of the high risk. If you're
trading against the trend, it's a high
risk trade. And it's really not that
hard to learn. You just have to be very,
very precise with your entries. And
those who execute these trades correctly
can make 10 times normal of what a
normal trade would take. Now, the
problem is that this trading model
exists, and I'm going to break it down
for you in this video. But, I'm going to
be completely honest. Before we start, I
want to set the standard that I've been
very scared to upload this video in my
channel for a very long time because I
don't want to distract you from my main
strategy or the proper way on how to
trade. The proper way to drive is to
drive with both hands on the wheel, make
sure your mirrors are correct, your seat
belt is on. And this countertrend type
of trading, this high-risk type of
trading is like drifting. No seat belt,
one hand on the wheel, one on the
e-brake. It's a very high-risk way of
driving, and it's a very high-risk way
of trading. So, I don't usually teach
something like this, but I trust many of
you guys that you can pull this off and
adding it to your trading style, not
making your trading depend on this
approach. But, recently I've seen so
many of my students that use my perfect
trade checklist succeeding with it. So,
I said, "Whatever. I want to drop a
video explaining to you how to properly
use this model so you can have a
different perspective when it comes to
operating the markets of what you are
normally used to seeing me do. Now, once
again, this is an add-on to a strategy
whenever the markets are moving slow or
you want to have a bit more of an
aggressive risk appetite, but do not
make this your dependent strategy of
every single week of taking a trade
because once again, it's very high risk,
but very high reward. So, let me just
show you a proper trade and how it
should work so you guys can see the
difference in between a higher risk
trade and a countertrend trade rather
versus a normal trade. We all know that
pro-trend trades consist of highs and
lows. And one of the Whenever the market
is going up, we just want to continue
buying with that market. And whenever
the market is going down, we want to
continue selling with that market. This
is the most traditional way of trading.
This is so you have your strongest
probability trades, and you are having a
less risk on your trades, right? You're
taking trades that are very low risk,
which in turns mean that you have less
odds of losing. Now, when it comes to a
countertrading system, it is literally
doing the opposite. If the market is
going up, you want to sell this market
down. If the market is selling down, you
want to buy the market up. You're
basically predicting tops and bottoms in
the markets. Now, this is once again,
and I really want to express this, a
very high-risk way of trading, and
there's four simple steps on how to
properly analyze when the potential top
of the market can be and when the
potential bottom of the market can be.
Remember, you're catching a falling
knife, you're trying to stop a rising
bullet. And sometimes you can predict it
perfectly and you look like a hero, but
other times, you might get burned. So,
these are the four steps in order for
you to be able to properly identify
these high-risk countertrend trades,
right? So, let's start off with the
first step, and we're going to use a
bullish example in this example. So, the
first thing that you want to identify is
a trending market. You want to
understand is a market heading up or is
a market heading down? Because you want
to make sure that you can predict the
stopping of that market at a point where
it is predictable, right? So, for this
example, let's set this example, and we
have a higher high, and we have a higher
low. Very clearly, this market is
bullish, and we can understand that
we're creating highs and lows. Now, what
a proper trader should do is wait for
this retracement, and once this
retracement stops at an area of
interest, they would be interested in
buying this trade, and then they
continue trading it to the upside,
continuing with the trend, and just
following it along with what the market
structure is doing. This is proper
trading. Now,
for us, high-risk traders and
countertrend traders or degen traders,
whatever you want to call it,
we have to find a high of the market
that has hit a resistance point either
on the weekly or on the daily. So, make
sure you pause the video, write that
down. First step is going to be find a
high point
in the market
that has hit a strong resistance
resistance
on the weekly or the daily. This will
only work on the weekly or on the daily.
On any other time frame, it will not be
anywhere near as effective. So, you want
to identify a bullish market that is
heading to the upside and that has
created a very strong higher high point
whether on the weekly or the daily, and
we have some resistance to the left. So,
when we look to the left, way over here
in the left, we see some very strong
resistance in this price action,
and then we can identify, okay, that
this market has hit an area where it is
very strongly being a resistance point.
Now, this is pretty much obvious. Every
single market that has a high push needs
some type of a retracement to continue
heading to the upside. That is simply
how the market works. I don't make the
rules. This is what the market is
destined to do. So, if you have a high
point in the market and it's something
like this, and we are not at a
resistance point, it does not count. Do
not force
this countertrend trade by trying to
make certain things seem well or seem
like a confluence when it's not really
there. The If there's a trade that you
want to have things as black or white as
you possibly can and they're as strong
as you possibly can,
is because it's already in a It's
already an aggressive trade. It's
already a countertrend trade. You need
to have as many possible things in your
favor that you can possibly add to this
trade. And this is going to be it. If
price is at a high point like this, but
it is not at a strong resistance, you
simply cannot move to the next step.
These are the foundations and the first
step in order for you going to the
second step. And this is extremely
important because your odds of winning
are going to be a lot higher if it's
going to be at a resistance compared to
if it's not. Because once again, you're
predicting the top of this market. You
want to sell this position. You're going
to take a countertrend trade. If you are
not selling at a strong resistance
against the trend, this trend is
powerful and it could keep pushing price
to the upside where you can take a loss
on this trade very unnecessarily where
all you had to do was wait for price to
get to this resistance point. So, it's
very important that on the first step,
you predict or you you analyze the high
is at a strong resistance on the weekly
or the daily. This is extremely
important, right?
Now, the second step after you identify
that the market is at a strong
resistance or the weekly or the daily,
is you want
the market to show you its hand first.
Wait for a slowdown. So, once price has
hit a resistance level like this and
we've had a massive bullish move to the
upside, you literally want the market to
tell you that it's rejecting this point.
There's so many traders out there that
they'll be analyzing a market like this,
and just because it price hits that
resistance, right? So, they're patient
enough to wait for the market to hit the
resistance, and once it hits it, they're
like, "Yep, I'm going to go enter this
trade right now. I know it's going to
sell to the downside." Well, it's like,
"Brother, have you even waited for the
market to show you that it's actually
slowing down?" Price is supposed to slow
down because historically it has done
it. It's supposed to, but it doesn't
mean that it's a guaranteed going to
slow down at this point. Price can just
keep going to the upside because that's
how strong this trend is. And well,
hence once again, it's a countertrend
trade. It's a high-risk trade. You want
to have as many possible confluences in
your favor that you can have to let you
know that this trade makes sense. So,
you want the market to show you their
hand first. What does that mean? Well,
you want the market to either give you
couple of doji candlesticks, which are
slowdown candlesticks meaning that the
market is indeed stopping. You want for
the market to give you a bearish
engulfing candlestick. [music]
You want the market to literally show
you that it is actually rejecting this
area. Now, don't get FOMO. Don't get
greedy. Don't get uh anxiety because the
market is having some type of a slowdown
and it's technically going against or
it's it's leaving you behind. It's a
countertrend trade. It's never going to
leave you behind. It's always going to
come back for retracements because the
trend You're trading against the trend,
right? There's always going to be higher
highs being created. So, you want the
market to actually have a proper
rejection, and you want to enter
technically a little bit later on this
trade because you want that extra
confirmation that this market indeed is
having that slowdown at this resistance,
that it is actually rejecting this high.
Now, after you have the market confirm
that it is slowing down and that it is
actually rejecting this area, that it
can potentially start having that
retracement for the daily or weekly time
frame to continue going to the upside,
that's when then you go down to the
lower time frames. That's when then you
will go down to step number three, and
which is going to be the four-hour. So,
step number three is go down to the
four-hour, [music]
and identify
the shift of structure.
So, I'm just going to use this right
here for example's purposes. This is the
exact same market. So, let's just
pretend that this market right here is
the daily. Let's just call this EUR/USD
daily time frame, right?
That's exactly what we're looking at
right here on the line chart. So, this
is the daily time frame.
Now, we're going to draw a separation
line here so we can tell the difference
in between one or the other.
And this right here is going to be the
4-hour time frame, right? Just give me a
second. Let me draw my market structure.
Right? So, this is the exact same
structure as right here. The only
difference in between this market and
this market
is that this right here is
the 4-hour time frame. So, this is
EUR/USD on the 4-hour time frame. Let me
just bring this right here.
1 second. So, EUR/USD
4-hour time frame, right?
So, we're looking at the exact same
market just zoomed in just a little bit
more. All we have done at this point
right now is literally just zoom in to
this market structure right here, and
this is exactly what we're seeing on the
4-hour time frame. It's the exact same
EUR/USD. It's the exact same live price.
It's just we're we're going down a time
frame so we can see it more in detail.
So, right now, this is the daily higher
high. Let's just double click on that so
we can identify it. So, this is clearly
the higher high, and then this is
clearly the higher low. Very easy. Now,
this is the 4-hour higher high,
and then this is the 4-hour higher low,
right? We all know our basic market
structure. We would know how to identify
this right here. It's having a
right here we have the higher low,
and then we have the higher high right
here. Now, this 4-hour higher low, this
is what it looks like on the daily time
frame. If you notice, it's placed at the
exact same point. Just on the daily, you
can't even notice it because the daily
is just a bunch of big bullish
candlesticks heading to this upside. And
all the details within that candlestick
are broken down on the 4-hour time frame
where it's consisted of a bunch of
smaller candlesticks going up, going
down, so on and so forth, right? So,
once we identify that the market is at a
strong resistance and that it's at a
high point, we want to let the market
show you its hand first and wait for it
to slow down.
So, then after we have the confirmation
that this market has slowed down, which
is let's say a big daily bearish
engulfing candlestick, we want to make
sure that that bearish engulfing
candlestick or those dojis have shifted
the structure on the 4-hour. So, that's
where we go down to the 4-hour and we
wait to confirm
that the 4-hour has gone from bullish to
bearish. If we body close below this
higher low, that means that now we're
bearish and this market is no longer
bullish. This is now the new lower low,
and this is now the new lower high. Now,
if the daily bearish engulfing
candlestick is not big enough and has
not shifted the structure, and let's
pretend that it has done a retracement
like this,
then we cannot go down to step number
four. [music]
So, we need to make sure that that slow
down or that stoppage of price has
shifted the structure bearish. Because
if we're trading against the weekly, if
the weekly is bullish, if the daily is
bullish, we need to have at least one
time frame in our favor to indicate to
us that this indeed has shifted the
structure and that it is going to the
downside. And that's what we want the
4-hour to show us. But we need the
daily's help for that. So, we need the
daily to create a big enough candle or
couple of candles to show us that it is
indeed actually breaking the 4-hour
structure. So, at this point, let's say
that this has broken the structure point
and we have officially confirmed that
the 4-hour time frame is now bearish.
Now, this is perfect because now on the
4-hour, we're now able to wait for the
next step. And that is wait for the
lower high and enter on the engulfing.
Engulfing.
So,
now that we have confirmed that we have
a shift of structure, now what we want
to do is wait for the 4-hour to come
back, give us a retracement, and then on
that retracement, we want to wait for a
bearish engulfing candlestick where on
that bearish engulfing candlestick, we
have an entry confirmation that we are
indeed going to go to the downside,
place our stop loss above the highs,
target slightly above the area of
interest where we are interested in
potentially buying the trade, and then
[music]
that is it, ladies and gentlemen.
This is a very simple, high-risk,
countertrend trade approach. These are
the four simplest steps on how to do
this. Now, before you go on and run and
go do this on your own, let me show you
on some real-life examples so you can
see it visually and understand this to
the perfection. But this is what it
consists of. You first want to identify
that the market is at a high,
wait for that market to slow down, wait
for that shift of structure, wait for
the lower high, enter the engulfing, and
you want to make sure that you get out
before it hits that area where this
market can potentially have a reversal
to continue going to the upside. Because
again, our goal is to enter this trade
with the continuation of the trend. We
want to buy with this market. We want to
continue heading to the upside. So,
since we're trading against it, we need
to get out before it potentially
continues to go to the upside. Now, this
is where you become a professional
trader and you really start maximizing
the markets as much as you can, how I do
every single week, where you catch the
countertrend trade and then you catch
the pro-trend trade, and ultimately
people look at you like you're a
some type of superpower because you're
predicting all points of the market.
You're predicting the retracements
perfectly and you're predicting the
actual continuations perfectly. The
continuations are easy, the pullbacks
are a bit more complicated because once
again, you're trading against the trend.
Right? So, hold on to this thought. Let
me show you this in a real-life example
so you guys see it and understand it.
All right, perfect. So, we have this
example, which is a perfect example.
This market, obviously at one point it
was creating lows and highs, lower low,
lower high. This market then shifted
from being very much bearish to now
being very much bullish. So, if you were
to look at this market structure,
whether you want to look at it on the
line chart or the candlestick chart,
this is very much bullish, right? This
market is very obvious that we are
bullish.
There you go. So, this market has
created this as the higher high, and
then to me, this is the higher low. The
higher highs and higher lows are placed
at the bodies of market structure,
right? So, that's the body. That is the
body of the higher low. Now, if we look
to the left, we can very much tell that
this market, after having this very
strong push to the upside, has indeed
ran into a respected level of support
and resistance. This market has acted as
support, has acted as resistance in the
past. So, after having a massive push to
the upside for 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
12, for 15 days nearly, we have finally
hit a strong resistance. Price at one
point also ran into this resistance, but
clearly, once price hit that resistance,
it showed no sign of slowing down. It
completely broke through it. Now, price
has hit this high point, and after
hitting this high point, what have we
done? We have shown some sign of a slow
down. The daily have created two daily
doji rejections and one daily bearish
engulfing candlestick. Now, this is
exactly what I was explaining. After the
price has a high push, wait for it to
slow down, and once you have that slow
down confirmation, so as you guys can
tell here, if I were to go and find the
rules that we have just drawn
off of
these market rules right here, let me go
back to the AUD/CHF,
you guys can see that
this right here, we have to first find
the high point in the market. So, we
have found the high point in the market.
We are on the daily time frame. Next,
you have to wait for the market to show
you its hand first. Wait for it to slow
down.
Now that the market has slowed down,
then you go to the 4-hour and identify
the shift of structure. Okay. Let's go
down to the 4-hour. And on the 4-hour,
let's identify the shift of structure.
Okay, cool. So, as you can tell here on
the 4-hour, the 4-hour was creating very
clean
higher high, higher low, higher high,
higher low, higher high,
shift of structure. So, now the market
is no longer bullish. This was creating
highs and lows all throughout here. This
was creating very clean higher highs and
higher lows until we hit this resistance
and now we had a shift of structure.
Okay.
Now that we have a shift of structure,
what do we do? Well, then we have to
wait for the lower high and enter on the
engulfing to sell.
Okay. So, we have a lower low. We're
creating that potential lower high. We
have to wait for that engulfing to sell.
Okay. Let's wait for that engulfing so
we have a very clean entry signal. As
you can tell, that would have been our
engulfing candlestick as our entry
signal on that lower high retracement.
Stop loss could have been above these
highs, and then your take profit was
going to be placed at an area before the
market could have a reversal.
>> [music]
>> And now, this is a very strong support
and resistance where the market could
have a reversal from, and that's where
you would get out of this trade, and
then you would be taken out right at
your take profit.
It really is that simple, ladies and
gentlemen. It really is no like we this
is a live example that happened 3 days
ago. This happened literally as of last
week. A lot of people when they go show
these examples, and you can see the
dates down here and the date that this
is uploaded and recorded. Like we are on
a live market right now. This is
December 20
What is it? December
15th. It is December 15th. So, we're
recording this at the exact same time
that this is happening. This happens
every single week in the markets. Many
people when they go show these examples,
they go to years back and they show
these fugazi ass examples. No. This is
like real live happening in the markets
every single week. And this is the one
that literally happened almost last
Well, almost
48 hours ago, and I almost entered it,
but I didn't manage to be awake at the
time that that presented itself. But it
really is that simple. Let me show you
another Let me show you literally
another example that is this clean as
well.
All right. Next example that we have is
GBPAUD, and this is another textbook
example. Obviously, this market is very
much bullish, so we are trading against
the trend. We have lower low, lower
high, lower low, lower high, lower low.
We shifted the structure, and now we are
bullish. So, you can consider this
market very obviously bullish. And we
have some very strong and very clear
resistance here to the left of it. So,
we've hit a high point, and this market
is running into some very strong
resistance that every single time we're
below, we reject. So, we want to make
sure the first rule is that you let the
market find the resistance. Second is
hand first. You want the market to
obviously show you some sign of a slow
down. You want this. You want the market
to reject. And if you don't feel
confident enough with that, you can wait
for another candlestick to confirm that
it is actually rejecting. Like this one,
which would be the second doji rejection
candlestick. Then that's when you go
down to the 4-hour, and on the 4-hour,
you want to wait for a shift of
structure. So, as of right now, this is
the higher high, this is the higher low.
You want to wait for it to break that
4-hour higher low. Even if you get
double daily dojis like this one, and it
looks beautiful, and it's creating
strong sells to the downside,
so be it. You need to wait for that
4-hour shift of structure. You need the
4-hour to be in your favor so you can
have a very strong high probability
trade setup. So, as you can tell, we
have to be patient and wait for it to
body candlestick close below this
structure point right here.
We're going to be very patient and wait
for that. And as you can tell, we have
officially closed below that area. Now,
on this retracement, we want to wait for
that bearish engulfing candlestick. That
would be our bearish engulfing
candlestick right here, and then we
would sell this trade to the downside.
And now, this is literally as simple and
as clean as it gets. Cannot get any more
clean. Cannot get any more simple. These
are real live examples happening every
single week in the markets, and they're
happening right in front of your face.
Has the break, has the pullback. These
countertrend trades cannot get any more
clear. And the craziest part is that I
literally do this every single week with
my students live. Like I literally get
on a call with my students on Sunday. I
share with them the trades that I'm
going to be trading every single week,
and I identify for them the difference
in between a protrend trade and a
countertrend trade. We trade throughout
the week. We find the strongest trades,
trade them pretty much live every single
week, enter them, make mistakes, and
throughout the week, I get on a call
with my students where I review these
trades for them. Where I get on a
one-on-one call, pretty much like this
if we were to be on a Zoom call, open
mic, and we get to chat about what you
did right and what you did wrong.
Because you might have either entered
off of this engulfing candlestick right
here, or you might have entered off of
this engulfing candlestick right here.
Your stop loss might have been too
tight, might have been too big, and then
your risk to reward might have not made
sense. And me being on a call with you,
being able to review those trades with
you, and answer your questions live with
real trades that you're taking that we
are analyzing every single week on the
markets together, makes the biggest
difference in your journey. Because
you're progressing as a trader, you're
progressing as an executor in the
markets, and you're with other
like-minded people that are applying the
exact same strategy every single week
that simply works. And we're using
[music] it live as it's the market is
happening every single week. I'm using
the most recent examples as I can
possibly find to show you. These
countertrend trades are presenting
themselves every single week in the
market. All you have to do is just make
sure that you know exactly where to spot
them, and most importantly, be patient.
So, if you want to know more about how
to be my student, make sure you guys
click the link in the description down
below. Apply. Maybe you get accepted,
maybe you don't. It's definitely worth a
shot because we're accepting a couple
new students every single week. And if
I'm going to dedicate my time to you and
review your trades, and get on a call
with you pretty much on a one-on-one, I
want to make sure that you're right
candidate for it, and that I can
actually make an impact and change your
journey. If I can't be of your help, and
your strategy or what you know doesn't
align with ours, hey, we'll give you
other YouTube videos you can go go watch
and help you out. But yeah, all I can
say is that make sure you guys hit that
like and subscribe button. We do this
every single week, and I'm very excited
for what's to come up this week. I see
two massive countertrend trades, and I
plan to execute one of them. And these
opportunities present themselves every
single week in the market. They're just
going right by in front of your eyes
because you simply don't know how to
spot them. And hopefully with this
video, I was able to help you out on how
to identify the basis of it, and how to
find it rather than just second-guessing
it. So, hope you guys like this video.
Make sure to like, hit that subscribe
button. We drop a video every single
week in this channel. We have a bunch of
other valuable videos, 10-hour videos in
this channel, uh 15-hour tutorials. Go
check them out. You want to be a
student, make sure you guys click the
link in the description down below. And
I will see you guys in the next video.
See you guys. Take care.
Bye.
