Hello everyone, my name is Khan and you are watching the
 
second chapter of Logic Trading
in which we will learn what is IFC?
What is imbalance and what is your order
blocked?  So you will learn all these things
one by one in this.  So first of all we
will cover what is your imbalance which is
called inefficient price action
?  How to mark it?  And
after that we will learn what is our order flow
?  What is our order flow
?  So in this chapter we are going to cover three topics.
So first of all let's cover what
your imbalance is which is
also commonly known by different names.
FVG Fair Value Gap
Inefficient price action and your
imbalance.  So now let us see
how we can mark this on the diagram
and what it is.  If you
look at Diagram One, your imbalance is
basically the gap between the low of the previous candle
and the high of the next candle, so first of all let us
understand a definition of imbalance.
What is imbalance and why is it created?
What happens when imbalance is created when the market moves up or down with unhealthy price action
?  The market creates an imbalance
and
most of the time the market comes back to fill the same imbalance and
then the market continues to move up.  So
how does this work?  If you
want to identify it, how
can you do it?  If I talk about Diagram One, the
last candle is your
green candle which is formed here.  If
I mark the low of this candle.  Why?
Because the market is bearish.  So I have to
mark low here.  So
I will mark the previous candle low and you do
not have to do anything with the middle candle.  The
high of the third candle has to be marked
which is here.  So
if any gap is created between these two candles then
that is our imbalance.
If these two candles meet here in
this manner then there is
no imbalance here.  If I mark it completely
with a circle, then
you have to mark it in this manner.  You have to mark it in this manner.
So this
balance of yours is your imbalance in the middle.
It is also called FVG.  This is
called imbalance.  It is also
called FVG.  And this is
also called inefficient price action.  If I
come a little downwards and from here if I
start marking the high low, then from here
we have to hold the low of this candle and the
next candle that has been formed, this middle candle,
you have to leave it.  I have to mark the high of the third candle
which is here and if
I extend it then this gap
in the middle is called imbalance
and the market comes back to fill it
most of the time and only after that the
market will go down if the market is bearish
and the same things will apply to you
in a bullish market, if the market is bullish then you have to
catch it from the high.  If the market
is bearish then you have to catch from the low.
How do we identify this?  When the
market breaks out of structure.
Ok?  So this is your imbalance here
proper.  In this case, what would have happened here is that the
high of this candle would have become quite
big, something like this.  Right?  And the flow of this
candle would also be something like this
here.  Right?  So
if we mark the high and low of both of them, it will be something like this
here and here, which
shows here that there is
no imbalance of any kind here.  There
is no gap.  The entire gap between them has been
filled.  So that means there is no
imbalance left here.  There is
imbalance only in the upper one.  If the shadows of these two picks do
not match, then
what happens there is your imbalance.  And the
market will come to fill it.  Whether your
imbalance is small or big, every
imbalance has equal value.  It does
not depend on the size.  Similarly,
if you look at the third scenario, the
low of the market candle
is here and your high is here.
So this gap between you is your
imbalance and in this bearish market,
whenever the market goes up, most of the
time it will go till filling your extreme level
and after that it comes down again.
Ok?  So there you have it: Imbalance
in Baris Market.  Now comes the second condition
which is on this side.  This is also the same diagram.
And here if you start
marking imbalance then how will you do it
?  This is your top candle,
we start it from here.  So
you have to mark this bullish candle.
And
what to do with the third candle?  Have to score high marks.  So
if you see in between, there
is no gap here.  When there is no gap between these two then there is
no imbalance here.  There
is very little chance that the market will
come here.  If we look a little downwards,
we will understand
where the imbalance is.  If you are
not able to find the imbalance at the top, then you should slowly
move downwards and identify where
your imbalance is because from there
you will see the reaction in the market
and the low of your third candle, which is the
next candle,
is here and the high of the third candle is
here.  If we identify the gap between these two, it is
something like this
and this is our proper
imbalance.  And if we
go to the next step and identify the second imbalance, then
how do you do it, simply you have to take the low
of the candle and the high of the third candle,
but here the market has not created any type of imbalance.
If we
mark it in this type then no
imbalance of any type is created here.
So we will neglect this.
This is not your valid imbalance.   The
proper imbalance that has been created is only one
in this move and sometimes you will
see just one move, sometimes two,
sometimes multiple.  But the one
which is extreme, the one which has the
highest, has the highest probability in the upper level.
But there are
some terms and conditions in that too which are
according to the order block
order flow as per the structure.  I
will tell you that step by step later.  So what we're
learning is first of all
what is imbalance?  You must have learnt to
identify imbalance.  Whether you have a
bullish market or a bearish market, the
scenario is the same in everything.
If we talk about bullishness from here then this will
also be your same situation.  For example, the imbalance
between the bullish candles is
this one.  Right?
When the market has broken the break of
structure on the downside, then we have to identify the right
direction, the bearish leg.   This is
not required in bullish cases.
When we do bullishness, when the market is bullish
and breaks the structure, then
we have to identify it in bullishness.
I am showing you with a diagram.  Only then will
you
understand better.  This is our bullish
structure.  In this you can see that when the
market breaks the structure and
runs upwards, the steps we have to
follow are the same.  Things will just be a little
different.  In the earlier one, if the
market was bearish, we would catch the low of the candle.
Now if the market is bullish then
we will catch the high of the candle and in this case
if we see in diagram one then we will
start from the bottom so the high of the candle is
here and
we have to catch the low of the third candle.  So whatever
gap there is in between, we call it imbalance.  This
gap is our
imbalance in between.  It is
also called IMB in short form.  And if you want, you
can also call it FVG.  Imbalance
Inefficient Price Action FVG Fair
Value Gabe Right.  So this is your proper
imbalance.  And let's talk about the third candle
and let's talk about the next candle.  The
high of this candle is here and the
low of the third candle is here.  You will see
that both of them have become attached to each other.
So there is no imbalance here.  So
these two have finally met each other.
Both have mitigated each other.
So there
is no imbalance here.  Ok?  This is your proper
imbalance.  There is no imbalance here.
If we look at diagram two.  Here, if
you start from the imbalance bottom, then the
lowest candle is this
because it has made the low of the lowest candle.
So we have to
catch the high of this one and the low of the third candle.  So
if you see this here, you will also
feel this.  It has been mitigated.  There
is no imbalance here.  Now if we
go to the next candle, then we have to
mark the high of that candle and the
low of the third candle, which is here, if we
mark the area in between, it is something like this, which is
our proper imbalance
and we can mark it.  This
is bullish and whatever reaction happens in the market, there will be
more chances of it happening from this level.
Then the market will go up and
in this case the market will come till here and then will go
up.  This is not 100% sure
because it depends on many factors like your pullback
, entry etc.
So,
this is just your imbalance because
imbalance plays the most important role in it.
Where is the imbalance?  Only after that
we are able to identify
where your order block is.  Where is your order flow
and where can your entry criteria be
formed?  So let's take a
look at this in the live market and see how to identify
imbalances after mapping your structure
and then we will
see how to identify order blocks
and how to identify your order flow.
This is a bullish structure.
What does the market do when it breaks a higher high?  It confirms a bullish structure
which is here.  Now it has become a
bullish structure.  Only after that
we have to identify the imbalance.
Whether you have a bullish
market or a bearish market.
Here, if the market breaks the structure, then
when will our higher high be
confirmed?  When the market takes the first internal
low which is here and the
market took it by coming here.
We do not have to identify the imbalance here.  There is no
need for it because
it is of no use to us.  Although this
is an imbalance, we will not use it
because there is no need for it.
We will do it only where there is a need and the
imbalance that we will identify, first of all
you will have to
identify the induction.   The
market broke the structure.
After breaking, this is our first internal
low which the market gave in this type of way
and what does it do after that?  Only when the market
breaks it, our
higher high is confirmed and only after that
we have to identify
where your imbalance is.
You have imbalance here too but it is of no use to you.  It would be
better if you mark only those points where it is useful to you.
This will be of no use in identifying you.
So first of all we have to
identify your induction which is
here at this level.  This is our
inducement.  And
after the induction, we will have to identify
where our imbalance is in our induction.  Because if you identify it below the inducement,
you will get it easily
and that will be useful for you.  Now we have to
catch it from the bottom.  You have to
start from the yellow point which was your higher low and
see where the market has given a gap.
Where we can identify it as an
order flow, where we can identify it as
a FG, fair value gap,
inefficient price action and imbalance.
All these names are the same and their work is also the same.
Ok?  So if we start from the bottom here, we will
see that if we mark this
black candle high
because your market has
gone bullish, then what we have to do is mark it high.
You have to mark it high like this
and I am making its color a little sharp
so that it looks clean to you.  Right?  So the
high of this candle is here.  Now
we have to mark the low of the next candle, the third candle.  If I
mark the low of that candle, it is here.  Now
what happened?  What is in between these two?
This is the gap.  This is called imbalance
and it has happened in a bullish market.  If we go
beyond this, where else is our imbalance
?  If we talk about this candle,
which is a high candle.
Right?  Now let us talk about this and
we have to catch the low of the third candle.  Because the
high of the next candle and the low of the third candle are
here.  Right?  So what happened to this one?
This market has mitigated this.
What does mitigate mean here?   The
market has filled this.  I have
already filled it here.  So, this
imbalance is of no use to us.
And before this, if you see, there is
only one imbalance from the induction
which is useful for you.  The market tapped into that
and the market reacted from here
and the market went up from here.  And
this question must be coming in the mind of many people.   A
question may arise in your mind whether
you blocked this order.  It
is possible.  Maybe a question comes to your mind
that this is an up candle and this one is a low one.  There
is a gap in between this also.
Why can't this be marked as imbalance?   We
cannot mark it as imbalance
because
it is formed in the middle of our next bullish candle.
It did not break the high or low of any candle.
This
is a minor pullback, you can say.  The range is the middle of a candle.
So in that we do
not need to do anything.  Generally you have to
identify the actual candle, its
high and low and on that basis we
mark it as imbalance.  Because this is
your internal range between this
candle high and low.  Ok?  So there
is no need to mark it here.
If this candle breaks the low of the previous candle.  If
this bullish candle breaks the low
and the market goes up, then we would
mark its imbalance here and it would
also become valid.  But it
is not valid here because even if you mark candle by
candle, you will easily understand that the
high of this candle is the low of the third candle
and the high of the next candle is the low of the third candle,
something like this, so both of these are
filled by you, right, now this one is your unfilled one
which is here and the market
filled this and the market went up from here and went
up even more and in this way your fair
value gap works in the market in bullish condition, now let us understand
how it works in the bearish market
and how to identify it?  This is
your bearish market and the market is
creating lower losses here and the market is
moving downwards.  So first of all
you have to identify
what your structure is saying.
What should you do if your structure is bearish?   You have to
start from whatever high the candle has formed in the market.  Now first of all
you have to identify on
which side your structure is.  Is the market bullish
or bearish?  If it is bearish then
start from the low of the candle.  If it is bullish
then start from the high of the candle.   The
market broke the structure here
which is our confirmed break of structure
and after that we have to identify
where your investment is.  So
if you see in this phase, your
inducement is your first
internal high in the bearish market which is
here.  Right?  This is your first
internal high and this is what we call
inducement.
We have to see imbalances even after the market takes it.
We should not see any imbalance below this.
And after taking this, the
lower low is confirmed in the market.  There is a pullback in the market.  Only then does the
structure
work.  As soon as the market
took this inducement.  Now we have to identify
where your imbalance is.   We have to
look above this.  So first of all we will
start from the top to see where your
imbalance is.  If we talk from the top, then this is
your low of the candle which is here and the
high of the next candle which is here.
If I zoom in a little bit, you'll
see that something is made of this type, which is
very rare.  This
minor imbalance that has been created is also
your valid imbalance.  If we
talk about the candle below, the candle below it,
then if we mark its low which
is here and the high of the third candle which is here,
this is also your imbalance.  And let's
talk about the next candle which is here and the
low of the third candle sorry the high of the third candle
this is also your imbalance.  Right?  So
what is the market doing?  The market is
creating imbalance here.  And if we
talk about the next attempt, the market low is
here.  Hi here.  The market has
filled this.  This is your fill.
And after that you will see that all these
imbalances that were created later, all of them got
filled.  Right?  It pulled back.
In this we got this pullback from here.  In this
we do not have to identify anything.   Only
when your market starts to bearish will
we identify the imbalance in it.   The
first imbalance you will see is here.
Right?  So this is your first imbalance
and where do you have to identify the second imbalance,
you will see that this is your
first imbalance and your second imbalance is from
this low to the third candle high
which has also been filled by the market here.
If you see in the right and next attempt,
all these imbalances were created here.
But what about all these
imbalances that are of this type?
Correct.  If we talk from the beginning,
from the top,
how many imbalances have been
created between here and here and the
market comes down only after taking the inducement.   The
market
typed this imbalance and
after that the market went down.  And
why did the market type this imbalance?   There is a
reason for this too, we will learn that now.
After this, the next step is your
order flow and order block.  Right now you
just have to learn to identify imbalances.
And what happened after that?  The market
again formed a breakout structure.  After this
any imbalance is created here.   It is of
no use to you.  When your market
breaks out of structure, the market will
take incentives.  Only after that you have to
identify the imbalance.  If we
talk about this case,
where will your imbalance be created?  So first of all
we will identify lower low.  That will be
yours after taking the induction which is
here.  Now we have to identify
from top to bottom.  Even down to the
induction of where your imbalance is.
If I start
from the bottom, then no gap of any kind is
visible here.  All the gaps appear to be filled.  There
is nothing like that here.  And
many people will mark this as your
imbalance.  But in reality it is
not your imbalance.  Why?  Because this
candle did not break the high of the previous candle.
This is just an inside war.  One
candle which is the actual candle is this one of yours
which has gone upwards and has come down.
And the one you will see is here.
And the market has also filled the high of the third candle here.
Right?
So what happens in the market is our
imbalance.  This is how
our market works and after filling here the
market came down and nothing else was
created here and
after taking the inducement in the market it came down.
What happened in Again Next Attempt?  The market
repeated the same story here.  Did break off
structure.  What happens after a break of structure occurs
?  The market
needs inducement.  And where
is your inducement?  At this point here.
Right?  Because this is the valid pullback.  Now
as soon as the market takes this inducement
, we have to identify
where our imbalance is.  What do we have to do now
?  We have to start from the top which
is the lowest candle, this one and here.
Right?  This gap between you has become your
imbalance.  I'll scroll this up
and next up is your possible
imbalance, which is the low of this candle and this is
your imbalance to the right.
Because all these two
imbalances that have been created have been created by you
after your induction and
whatever imbalance is created after the induction has its
own value.  That's what
works for you.  This is your next imbalance.
This led to the field below.  So
these three imbalances were created in it.  Now
which imbalance will work?  We will
understand this through order flow and order block.
So, it was just about identifying
how you identify imbalances
and how the market behaves on them.
So, let us now learn what an order block is.  An
order block is a candle that
shifts market momentum
to the bullish side and the bearish side.  These
two diagrams that you are seeing are of a bullish
market.  When the market forms a breakout
structure, when the market forms a continuation
structure or a
reversal, there is a last candle in the market from
where the
momentum comes in the market for selling and for buying.
If you see in this market,
as soon as the market breaks the
structure, what will we have to do?  This includes the
last selling candle before the buy.  Meaning
you have to see the reverse candle.  If the market
is bullish then you have to look for a sell candle.  From
where the momentum has come in the market.
If we talk about this phase, then the
last candle from where the momentum
came is at your bottom.  Last Selling
Candle Before This Buy.  Because the momentum that has
come has come after this candle.  And
we call this entire candle an order
block.  If we mark it, it will be
marked like this and our
order will be blocked.  But there are two
conditions in this.  The first condition is that the
color of the candle does not matter.
This can be your bearish or bullish view.
It doesn't matter.
I will tell you this now.  And the second most
important thing in this is your
imbalance.  It
is absolutely compulsory to have imbalance in this.  Only then our
valid order block is created.  If we
look here, this candle high is
its high here.  And
what happened after that?  Low of the next candle here
means there is a gap between these two candles
which is being created in this manner.
Right?  then what is it?  This is your imbalance.  There
must be imbalance.  Only then
our order block becomes complete
and this is our unmitigated order block.
Why?  Because the market has
not mitigated it.  The candle has
not mitigated this.  Like if the
market came here and did it like this.
Right?  Or this candle wig would be
something like this.  And there is
no imbalance here.  So this
order block of yours does not remain valid for you
and it becomes invalid.  This has already been
mitigated.  This candle did it and
this order block is no longer useful.
Its probability
reduces considerably.  And
what happened to the market in the next attempt?
We will see the high of this candle, the next
candle is here and the low of this candle is
here.  So what will we do now?
Whatever you do here, your order block will
shift from here to this candle in
this manner.  Right?  So this
method of ours is a valid method of order block
and we have to
identify the order block in this way.  Imbalance
is compulsory.  Only then our order
block becomes valid.  As
I said, the candle color does
not matter to you.  You can be bullish or
bearish.  But we have to see the point from
momentum has come in the market.  Right?  Most of the time
you will get the same candle.  Like bearish
candles will be found only when the market is bullish.  But
sometimes it happens that this situation occurs in the market.
your order block will appear in
diagram two in this way.  This is your
second diagram, as soon as the market
broke out of structure.  Here you
will see that you have to see the last selling candle before this buy.
So, if you mark the order block in this
, then how will you do it?
Most of the time this is your last selling
candle.  Right?  So, generally people mark it this
way.  But you do
n't have to mark it that way.  This is
not your valid order block.  The reason for this is that
first of all it has broken the low of this candle.
So, now the last selling
candle, the actual one, is this
because the market price has
come down from here to here and has broken this point.
Right?  So in the market it is
not that the price has come down to this level only and the
market has gone up from here.  No, the market
which is yours has gone down even further after leaving here.
So actually your
last selling candle is this zone
here.  Right?  This is your last selling
candle and after that the market went up.   There is
no effect of color in this.
Your color doesn't matter.  As I
told you, in this condition your order
is blocked.  If this sell goes up, then
your bottom order block will become valid.
So you have to keep this in mind.  The
same thing happened in this condition.  The market
came down but you don't have a bearish candle
here.  There is only a bullish candle.  But this will
work as your order block.  Why?
Because here you are seeing proper imbalance.
Right?  There
is proper imbalance and this is your candle and the
market went up.  What is the market in this?
These futures will come down and go up from here.  The
same thing will go over here and then up.
In that case, it does not matter whether you tap this order block
or not.
So in this way you
can identify the order block.  If there is
proper imbalance in the market, the color of the candle does
not matter.  That will
create your proper order block.  If there is
no proper imbalance in the market, then
you will have to check it.
We will have to move towards the next candle and that will become
our next order block
which will be created in this manner.
Right?  This blocks your bullish order
and the same story happens in your bearish market.  The
last buying candle
before the drop becomes your
bearish order block.  Right?  So now we will
understand from the chart, understand from the diagram, then it will become a
little more clear.  If
we look at this diagram, it is a bearish
market.  As soon as the market breaks its structure, the
market takes the indication and then
types a particular order block on the order flow.  The market then goes
down.  But we understand
where your order block is?  An order block is a
candle that creates momentum in the market.
So where is he?
Yours is on top.  These are two points.  These are the two
points from where the actual
momentum came in the market, from this point and from this
point.  So here we have to identify
your valid order block.  If we
talk about the top, then your last selling
candle, sorry, last buying candle before
the drop, is this candle
because the market went up, but this candle was
also broken by this
black candle and the black candle which is
dark black is your bearish candle and the
light white candle which is your
bullish candle, so your order block which will be formed in this will be formed
here which is at the
extreme, something like this will
become your order block and it will be
called bearish order block.  Right?  What will
happen now?  Where did the next move in the market
come from?  Where did the momentum come from in the market?  Which
came from this point.  If we
mark from this point, this is your last
selling candle which was formed here
because the actual movement started from here.
But what happened with this candle was that the
next candle broke its low.
And proper
imbalance could not be created here.
What will we do because of this?  We will move the order block of this candle.
Something like this at this point.
Right.  Now we will
extend it.  This will be your next order
block.  Why?  Because there is
proper imbalance here and this candle is
your inside bar.  This is your bearish
order block.  The last buying candle is
Before This Drop.  Right?  Because
your momentum started from here.  Now
if you scroll down a little bit, you
will see that a new order block has been created here,
which is at this point here.
Right?  Now what happened?  Why is this order
block valid?  Because there is
proper imbalance here which is this one is low and
this one is high.  This is your proper imbalance
and this is your new order block.  So
in this case, if you see, three order
blocks have been created here and
we have to identify them in this manner.
Now let us come to the lower portion.
If you look here, there is
not a single order block which is unmitigated.  All the
order blocks, all the candlesticks have been
eliminated.
If you look from here, all the candlesticks have been
erased.  So there
is nothing unmitigated here.  There were only these three
candlesticks that were unextinguished by you.
We have marked them.  We are
not telling you the entry here right now.  Entry is
not being taught.  We will learn
in the coming parts how we
can identify these areas and
how to enter the market.
Which one is valid at which point.  Right?  Same
things happened to you here.  As soon as the market
breaks this structure and
after the break, you have to wait for the inducement
and after that see
where is your unmitigated candle from where the
momentum has come in the market and never make the
mistake that before the break of the
structure, you have to
identify any auto block here, like
you have seen here that there is imbalance in
everything because it has not broken the
structure, so you cannot identify it from here,
why cannot you mark it because the structure has not broken in the market yet,
you have to identify it only after the break.
You need to identify the order block imbalance only after the break of structure.
Now as soon as the
market breaks the structure downwards
and after the break of structure,
generally we wait for the market to
take our incentive.
Only after taking the inducement, we are
able to clearly identify where our imbalance
is.  Where is our order block?
If we look at our imbalance in this case, then
your first high is
your Induction Internal High
and you have to see the imbalance above that.
After that you have to look at the order block.
So the momentum that came in the market has come from the top
to the bottom.  If we
look from here to here in both these cases, then
where is the imbalance and where
is the possibility that the market can go there
and where is your order block created.
Because your
order block is created only after imbalance because without
imbalance your order block is
incomplete.  Ok?  So if you
see here, the top candle is here
which is the last buying candle and
before this drop.  But we cannot mark this candle.
Why?  Because this candle has
already been eliminated from here.  So,
this candle of yours, this candle of
yours, has already been mitigated.  So,
this one zone we will not mark in it.
This is not your valid.  And
next, if you scroll down a little bit
, all the candles that have formed here, they have
all been eliminated here.  Right?
Now if we look from here, the last
buying candle is here.  This
candle has also been extinguished here.
Right?  So from here till here everything has been
mitigated.  Now let's
scroll a little bit further.  Come to the down side.   Let's see.
So your last
candle is this one.  Where you will
also see proper imbalance.  Something like this.
Correct?  And this is your area which
is valid for the sale.  Why?
Because in this case, if you see, a
minor imbalance has been created here,
which is here.  Right?  And the
high of this candle is here.  The
gap between the high and low of these candles is your
imbalance.  And the candle above that is
your proper like order
block.  Because all this has been mitigated.
And this is your unmitigated one.   The
market tapped out and then went down.
Same thing happened here also as soon as the market
broke its structure.  You have to
look at the internal high which works as an inducement.
talk about it as an inducement then it is here.  Now
after this induction, we will have to see
from where the drop has come in the market.  If we
talk about the top, then the last candle which
is a bullish candle is this one.  But
we will not mark this one.  Why?  Because this
candle has been broken by this one.  So
we'll extend it here.  And
we will not mark this one either.  Why?
Because the high of this candle has been
erased and swept by the next candle.
So what will you do in this case?  We will
extend our order block
here.  Right?  This will be done for you in this way
and here.  Now we will extend it a little bit.
order block has been formed by this candle.   The
color of the candle doesn't matter to you.  You can be
bullish or bearish.
And the second thing is that here you are
seeing proper imbalance.  Something like this.
Right?  So this order block is
called your extreme order block.
And whatever order blocks are formed below this,
we call them decision order blocks.
Because their probability is
low and the extreme one has a
high probability and the
only order block that is formed, extreme
and decisional, also has a very high
probability because you have
only one option, which is here on the
right, if we
come a little downside from this, if we mark your order
block, then this one is your last buying candle
before this stock, so this will be your actual
order block because
if you see in the middle of this candle, there is a proper
imbalance which is here on the right, so this is
your proper imbalance, this is your last
buying candle before this drop and all this has been
mitigated and these are not even needed
because all this was done before the inducement, it will be
needed only after the inducement, so
after the inducement, these are the only two order
blocks which can be useful in the future, from
where the market will react and the market
tapped from here and the market reacted
and the second one is this, so this first one is
your decision and this  Your
extreme is that both work but it
depends on the situation, so in
this way you
can identify the order block and in the same way
you can identify the imbalance.
So now let's talk about order flow.
What is order flow?  Order
flow is the area from where the market
gains momentum for buying and then the
market drops downwards.  A
short-term pullback occurs and then the
market continues to move lower or
reverses.  We call that order
flow.  If we understand from the diagram, in this first
diagram,
where is your last buying move before the drop?  This
is the portion.  We generally call this order flow.
scroll down to the one below this.  This is your order flow.   That means
your pullbacks
act as your order flow.  And the same things
work in your bullish market also.
Also works in bearish market.  But
what happens in it?  It is compulsory to break your structure.
Because all these
things apply.  After the structure breaks.
Nothing needs to be applied before that.
Whether your order is blocked
, imbalanced, or your order flow.
All these things will apply whenever your
structure breaks.  After that you have to
see the order flow to see where your order flow
is and before that you have to see the
inducement.  Induction order flow and
then order block and then entry.  So
before entry, let us understand
what your order flow is?  How it works
and the entry part will
come later and it
is not that important right now because all these things
are very important for you.  When these things become
clear to you, your entry will be
cleared automatically.  So the main focus
you have to put on these parts is
your structure mapping, your order block
imbalance and your order flow.  Right?  So
as soon as the structure breaks, we have to
see where the last buying move is before the
drop.  This applies in bearish markets
and in bullish markets
where is the last selling move before the buy
?  In this diagram, if we
look at the previous diagram, then these two
pullbacks are your actual order
flow.  What does the market do?  Will she
ever type your order block or not?
But most of the time it will tap your order
flow.  And after the market order flow is
typed, pay again to continue
or do a reversal.  If we talk about this case
,
why did we not take this first order flow?
Because this first high acts as
your inducement.  This
first one which is high, it will
work as an inducement.  Right?  Your
induction is done.  And only after this we have to
sell.  Before this, we should not do it
whether your order is blocked or there is order flow
, imbalance, anything is available here.
But we don't do it here.  The majority of
your selling will happen
only after your induction.  Now if you look above this,
where is your last buying move before the drop
?  That here, this is your area
, this is your order flow, this will be
called order flow.  And the order that is blocked in the market is
in the middle of this order flow.  It
may be here, some time it may be here
and the market also types the same order block most of the
time.  Because the order
flow is unmet, most of the
time the order block is useful to you.
Any other order block is of
no use to you.  If we understand this on the chart,
you will be able to understand it better.
If we look at the second diagram,
what happens after the market has created a breakout structure,
generally we have to mark your order
flow from top to bottom, this is from top to bottom
in a bearish market and from bottom to top in a bullish market, so
we will mark it from the beginning, so your
structure at the top is something like this, which has been
mitigated here due to this move,
so it is of no use to you, whether your
order gets blocked here or not, it is of
no use to you, its
probability reduces to a very small extent.  And
secondly, the next order flow that you
create is here.  What even happened to this fuzz
?  The market mitigated this.
Now if we talk about the bottom, the
next order flow that was created is here.   The
first one is the order flow or the
first internal high which is here.
It works for you as an
inducement.  So this is the only order flow
left after the break of structure.
So what happened in the market was that the market
tapped this order flow and after tapping,
your market will drop downwards from here.  There is a
very high probability that the
market will drop from here.  Whether your
order block is now at the extreme or
in the middle, its
probability decreases wherever it is formed.  Because the
market taps into your unmitigated order flow most of the time.
whatever order block will be created in the same unmitigated order flow, for
example, your order block may be created here
or here or in the middle.
Tapping the same order block will
bring the market down.  In the same way, we can
also identify a correct valid order block.
Secondly, once you learn to
identify an order flock,
you have a much higher chance of getting a
clear idea of ​​the direction of a trend.
You will see in this diagram that the diagram is the same as
yours so that you can
understand it clearly.  When the market broke out of
structure.  Your break of structure has
happened at this point.  So when the
market broke off its structure on the downside
here.  Correct?  So
when the market breaks its structure,
where did you go to confirm your induction?  The first
market came in something like this.  Right?  And by
coming here your induction got confirmed.
So as soon as the market reaches the first high, it
is your inducement and you do
not have to do any buying or selling on it.  Even here you can
see the clear order block.  This
entire order flow is also visible.  But here
you do not have to sell because the first
internal high acts as an inducement.
Now you have to mark the order flow from top to bottom to see
which one
is mitigated, which one is unmitigated and
where you should take a chance.  If we
talk from the top, where is the last buying move before the
drop?  Which is right here
because this is your only valid pullback.
After that the market has come down.  So if we
extend this, it has already been mitigated
by this move.  And
if you mark the next order flow,
where is your last buying move before the drop?  If we talk from the beginning, then
first of all this is your entire
portion, actually this one.  Right, in this way,
but if we mark this in a little proper way,
this entire portion,
right, in this way, this one of yours has been
mitigated because the break has
happened, it has been mitigated, but what happens is that
in the same market, in between your big order
flow, this one, minor
order flows are also created, if that happens in the market, then
we take them as an order flow,
but we take it in that case when the
order flow in the market has already been tapped and
all the orders have become order flow type and there is a
break of structure in the market, in
that case we take it in this.  Now if we
go a little further then you will
understand it more clearly.  In this order
flow, if we mark
between which are the minor order
flows, then if we talk from the beginning, then
this is your first pullback which has worked in this manner.  The
second one is this one which has
already been mitigated this week
and the third one is that all these have been mitigated.
So if you look at this entire leg,
this was the only area which
was unmitigated and there was high probability
due to which the market also dropped.
Secondly, there was proper imbalance here.   There was
auto block.  The market respected it
and this was one reason, a big reason, that
this order block worked for us.  So many other
order blocks were made.  They were of
no use because all those order
flaws had been mitigated.  Now let's
scroll down a little bit.  A little more
clarity will help you understand
how order blocks actually work.  If we
mark downwards.  It was as if the market
broke off its structure.
What happened after the break of structure?  We
need your encouragement.  Where
is the induction made?  Whenever the market takes this point,
we will have to mark all the unmitigated order flows beyond this.  Only then will we
see momentum in the market.  And lastly, if you
talk about the buying move before the drop, then
actually the buying move is this entire
move and what happened after that?  The market went down.
If I extend it like this.
Ok?  So this is
your complete auto flow.  Barish
Autor Flow.  The market will come into this phase
and in this phase we will have to identify
where your order block is.
Because in between this your order block
or minor order flow will do your work.  If
we look at this fuzz, where your order
flow is.  First of all, all the
order blocks have been erased here.
All these are of no use to you.
If we go down a little bit,
where is your order block?   There is
only one order block that is
created here which is unmitigated.  Only that order
block is useful for you.  All the rest are useless.
Because if you look at the order flow, all of it has been
mitigated.  This entire
order flow has also been mitigated.
And this is the first order flow that is
created here.  We should
not take this at all.  This works as your inducement.
I will change its color.
Right?  So this first one is
your inducement.  It should never be
taken and it acts as your inducement.
Apart from this, if anything
is created, which is unmitigated, then you have to show interest in that area
for buy and sell.  Same
things happened in the next attempt.
As soon as the market broke it, there was a break of
structure.  As soon as the break of the
structure occurred, the market moved downwards.
Now the first area which is yours, it is
yours, there is no order flow.  This
first area, the first order
flow, the first recent high, is
your inducement.  The market should
tap it.  You don't have to take entry.
When do you have to take entry?
After taking that indication, when the market
accepts this indication, then you will have to
identify where your order
flow is above that.  If we talk about order flow
from the top, then this is the last buying move
before the drop, which is actually
where the momentum started, if I
start marking it like this.
So this is your complete order flow.
If we talk about this order flow,
how can we identify it in between.
Identify your order block
or how to identify minor order flow.
If we talk from the top which
is here, then your last buying move before the
drop is this first area and
your second last buying move before the drop is
this.  So these are the two areas where you
can take interest for buy sorry sell
because your market is bearish.  So,
in both these areas, there will be a high
probability that the market will tap them
and after that the market will go down.
If we trap this order block that's right here.
Right?  Let me extend it in
this way.  And secondly, your
order block is created here.
Something like this.  Right?  So,
you have to take interest in these two areas for sale
because your market is bearish and
how do we have to take entry.  We will
learn in the coming part how we
can take entry and how to execute it in the lower time frame.
So I
hope you have understood what your imbalance is.
What is your FPG?
Fair value gap, inefficient price action,
imbalance, these are all different names.  But
they all have the same job.  Your second one is
what is your auto block and
what is your order flow?  Because the order
block is created from your order flow.
So the major thing is your
structure and after the structure
you have to identify where your induction is.
Then the second one is where is your order
flow?  Because you will be
able to identify the order flow.  Only then will you be able to
identify a valid order block.  You will be
able to identify a valid imbalance.  Only then will you be able to do these things
step by step.  And you have to do every single
thing again and again, repeat it.  Do
not move to the next topic until you have cleared one topic.
Otherwise there will be trouble.  You have to do
everything step by step first.  First,
your structure needs to be in order.  If
your structure is not good then you should
not watch this video.  First you fix
your structure.  Your structure is fine.  Then
go to the next step step by step.
Learn to identify imbalances.
After the process, you should
learn to identify your order block.  Do not
take entry.  Just learn to identify.  Third,
you should learn to identify your order flow.
And after all that,
can apply all these combinations with it.  It won't make any difference anywhere, in any market,
on any pair.   It will
work smoothly everywhere.  You just have to do everything
step by step.  You don't have to
complicate anything.  Do
n't put everything together.  Because
the more you learn calmly, the more you
learn step by step, the faster you will be able to learn.
If you try to
know everything at once, I will learn it, then it will take the
most time and
you will face the most problems.  You do it step by step.
You should work on a week structure.
You should work on the order block for a week.
You work on order flow for a week.  You will see that
in 1 month your entire game will
change completely from structure mapping to
entry.  So thank you so much for
watching the entire session and I will see you in
the next video.  Happy trading.
