All right we are
 
live not yet
[Music]
Wait
hello okay I hope I can hear everyone
here hello hello Jai Shri Krishna
super welcome
Purab pranam pranam come quickly
present sir everyone has come Satyam has come
brother oh it's great naman how are you naman r fam
spen great congratulations for the new
MacBook I haven't taken it yet friend today some work got
stuck today I went to Annelli some other work came up
so it got postponed I will go and get it tomorrow afternoon
okay but hope you are fully here for class
Ram ram everyone how was your
day today the market made me cry quite early in the morning
after that I mean around I think around
12 o'clock yes from 11 o'clock it
brought it to around 12 o'clock then after that chi but the
momentum in the starting was quite good
big fan great come quickly everyone
type quickly quickly slowly
how will it
work if you type so quickly ok one minute let me
set voice for everyone  It is coming out perfectly, isn't it?
Tell me quickly Radhe
Radhe Siddharth. It is not a course. I don't have any
course. I don't call it a course. It's a
live class course where you know,
I recorded it and made it and
told you everything step by step.
No, yes, do it like this, do it like this, do it like this,
all of that is available for free.
youtube-mp3.org.
After finishing the trade, I saw one thing. There was
a very
cute message on the other account. I saw that
he had made some trade plan. Shubham. I
think his name is Shubham. I will show you the chat right now.
You will enjoy it. Okay,
keep 5000. Hey, why are you getting worried?
Ayush, you will learn everything here itself. Do
n't worry, it's a
lot of fun. Oh, wow, I also
enjoy it a lot. Whose was this Satyam? I also feel it. I
mean, you know right now. I don't know, are you able to
feel that thing or not?
Well, by the way, if
you are watching the recording and are not in the live class, then
push it a little forward so that your
time is not wasted.  Yes and you can directly call on the main
contact page and if you want to see me then you can see me, there is no
problem, the rest what Sat
said just now that Sir, when you are coming in the evening then it is
fun, seeing you gives energy, I do
n't know, I mean you guys must be feeling that connection because I feel it a
lot,
when I was saying morning in the morning, I had
gone in the afternoon, I had sent a message
that we will have the class in the evening, I will be
late at 10 o'clock because I have to go and
instead of saying bye bye, I got
busy with some other work, so from inside I was like
no, I have to go, I have to go live, I
mean, right now I also feel that connection,
yes there is something, friend, there is something, I mean when we are face to face there is
an energy, but like this
also it feels like there is some connection, I
mean I feel, I am not able to express it in
my words right now, but I genuinely know I feel a
lot and from inside I also feel excited,
yes everyone will come, we will have a talk, we will learn a
lot of things, we will discuss
things  I will do all these things,
I also like it very much, the sound is not
coming, it is coming, okay, let me just
full it up, the sound is coming clearly, I hope it will be
clear, put on headphones, if there is even a
little problem in the sound, then put on headphones,
Rohit Sharma Nelia, your
name, the sound has just come, hope it is coming, everyone is getting the
sound well, is it not coming well,
tomorrow that MacBook will come, from tomorrow your tension will be
over, this one has become old, so it is just now, it is
creating nuances,
8:30 strategy,
I have come to tell you the same thing right now, and for you guys, you know, I have
shown you this in the live, however,
one thing that did not happen today, it happened yesterday, so
I recorded it yesterday,
because I was wondering whether or not, yes, the
setup is being made on its basis, so I take a trade and
record it also,
so that when we do the live class, I
can show us how new things work
and how to plan, so what to
make in the chart that is already made, look at everything, this
crossover has happened, you would have done it bye,  You could have done this, you could have done that,
but
you will understand that in live as well, yes, how
things work in live, okay, so
experiential learning, as I say, we will get
experiential learning for you, Ram
Ram, let's start,
no, time got busy, I got
busy with some other work, that's why I couldn't bring the
laptop, it will come tomorrow,
okay, tell me quickly, everyone is getting the sound,
okay, if it is not coming, I think it is the
humming of the fan, probably, let
me just
check which is my IPL team, let me tell you,
look, actually I do
n't watch many matches, but if you
ask me for any team, I mean, I am not a very big
fan of cricket matches, personally I
enjoy watching the finals etc. a lot, but I
mean, I am not
able to watch them by batting like that, there is so much work too, so you
can say that I don't get time because everyone has to
complete big things, so if I
sacrifice for now,
then I can go ahead and chill and enjoy, but
if I had to give you  A name of that
is Chennai Super Kings only because of MS
Dhoni yes one is coming wait a second let
me
fix this it might not be coming now I
think it will not happen this only bought one
not in Mac oh wow
congratulations abhan okay let's
start okay it is echoing wait
a minute let me see
why is this happening this should not be happening it is
still there so this problem today I did
not make much profit or I did
not push much today and did not enjoy it today just
fine the market is
main capital P aa
b so many one second type slowly
type slowly slowly is the
sound coming correct or not wait I have to check
yaar yes so it is
coming why is it happening brother
wai this
one
second check it right now I hope the sound will be coming correct it will
not be one
all this will be fixed tomorrow just give
me more mail for today you guys from tomorrow everything will be properly
fixed yes that's right it is coming
correct now  Okay, I
think a comment came,
so
many clear ina
voice, yes wait, let me try, just give it a try, I think probably its a
fan,
calling fan is making a lot of
noise, just give me two more minutes, then let's start,
its switch is down, it is
fixed, right, let's start now,
okay, let's not delay now, let's just
start the class,
see, what are we going to do today, everyone,
focus here, okay, no matter how much
you try, you won't be able to grow, the
sound is getting too high,
why brother, why won't you be able to grow, you will
definitely grow, I
mean, you have said something disheartening,
if you
look, what should I say in this, I don't have
words, but I am sure that these things will be
good because if we think like this, if we
can grow so well with games etc., then why can't we grow, what do you think guys,
and who thinks that we can't grow, we will, don't
worry, everyone will grow,
there will be growth, social media will
grow, account will also grow  Everything will happen, don't
worry, okay wait and watch, it will happen,
I am not overconfident, but I do have
confidence, so just wait and
watch, be positive, yes, we will do it, friend, I see that you know,
gamers are in millions, you know, they get
follows and what are they called streams
and so if it can happen in that, then the point is to
grow here, that is, actually, if you
think and see, if you become an
actually trader and do everything well,
understand the market, then your life will be better here, so
when that can happen, then why ca
n't we, will we grow, don't worry, it will happen
100%, see how it will not happen, right
now, don't worry, if everything goes well, then
probably by the end of the year, we will
also touch million by the end of the year,
okay, let's see, okay, let's get back to class,
let's focus, I am
not watching the chat right now, okay, so what are we going to do
today, understand,
hold
up, yes, okay, let's
start.  30 Strategy
Okay, we will discover this completely today,
but before that, let's understand what all the things are and
how to do them. Okay,
just do one thing, give me two more minutes. Just two more
minutes, two more minutes. Okay, this will
grow a little,
okay, just give me two more minutes. Just give me two minutes.
Where did it go? Where did it go? Where did it go? Where did it go?
Son, it is burning very fast.
Please son, it is burning very
fast.
Bring a cloth, please, I don't know, it
caught fire. A good aroma was coming out, oh,
it will blow up
completely. Take anything, take a cloth, take tongs, take something
light. I think it caught fire.
Probably a good aroma was coming out, it started burning. It would have caused
panic in the live stream. oh, it wo
n't go away. You bring tongs. I am
telling you,
yes, you can come and take it. Ha,
how are you guys?
Take it away.
I am feeling hot.
Very good, okay, okay, I
am back, I am back. Come back.
I'm done, don't worry, let's start.
So, this is the
830 strategy. Now, the 830
strategy sounds really cool. It might be a
great strategy,
but before that, let's understand a basic
concept. When we go to
trade, the first thing
we need is a particular thing:
correct analysis.
After that, the second thing is correct
execution. So, for analysis, there are
multiple things. We
look at support, resistance, demand, supply chains.
Apart from this, we also look at AVC
trends. If you know the market is
making higher highs, higher lows, is there a trendline or a
major movement? Which zone is the market in? What are the
price structures trying to do? All these things are
basically part of analysis.
All this is part of analysis. Take your time and relax. And
suppose the market is going to open tomorrow,
sit down the night before and analyze it carefully.
Then comes the execution, where
we simply enter the market.
Now when it comes to entry, to executing a trade, then what are the
four
things actually there, those four things,
number one is
price action based,
number
two is
divergence, number
three is momentum, okay, keep in mind price
action based divergence momentum
and fourth is what was the fourth,
what was the fourth, I do not use it,
what did I write fourth for you guys,
yes
candle, now
if we talk about price action, then when the
market is breaking one of its major structures
or is making such lower lows, we get to know
where the price trend is actually going,
correct, then one is this option to
enter the market, the second option is divergence,
R, SI, volume, M, ACD, these are three types of
indicators on the basis of whose divergence we
basically plan trade or enter the market,
okay, third is momentum, actually
follow which direction the market is moving and for you know,
candle, okay, this  So everyone must be well aware of this
strategy, it actually follows the
momentum category. I hope you
understood it well.
Tell me if you understood this point well or
not. It's getting
very hot.
Tell
me once. Did you understand it or not?
Thank you. Mr. Khan
Challenge. Tell me quickly whether I am live or
not. Did you understand it? Okay. So now
what is it? Look, these
four things are used for entry.
If you ever hear someone else telling you that
price action is not correct, this is not
correct. We should always follow such a structure in the market. If the
market
gives a breakout, then we should enter on the breakout.
This is not correct. Or some other
stage is also not correct. Or sometimes you have
seen someone saying that no, no, this is also useless. There is
drop hunting in it.
You should do divergence. Although I always
run divergence. I do
use divergence. Volume is the thing that
I use primarily. And I always make videos about it.  So that's it, the
third one is done, the
momentum is done, the fourth one is done, fine,
now
830, the momentum is falling. Now you have to
understand one thing, what is important in momentum,
how will
momentum be created, for that you
need speed, speed means if it is falling
then it should not stop, khatak khak khak khak, it is
increasing, sorry means it is falling
and if it is increasing then it should not stop, khatak khak khak, suddenly
four to five
candles are formed, we have captured the momentum,
so the definition of momentum is this,
it's all about whichever direction the
market goes, there has to be speed, there should be
speed, if there is no speed then
it means that it will not be fun there,
then you will trap more there,
so whenever the volatility in the market is
low, in all the strategies of momentum,
your AC will hit on that day and there is no
such strategy in the world in which your AC will
not hit, you must have understood this much
and if not  If someone is
looking at a completely beginner level, then no matter which
strategy you use,
your stop losses will be hit there, it may be
less. Now, if there is a
strategy with very high accuracy, then high
accuracy takes more time because there are
multiple confirmations. Okay, so
stop losses will be less in that because you are
only making fewer trades. I hope you get the
point, so you use momentum,
use divergence, use price action,
use candlesticks, in everything,
you will get or get stop losses. Then
in the end, psychology part comes and we will do it. I hope
you have understood the definition of momentum
very well, to be speed in the
market. Okay, and the
concept of 830, 830, what do you tell me
whenever there is a market momentum? So, the
8time is
for triggering your tree, the
entry
trigger, and this 30time is for giving the trend,
and both of these together create a  Momentum,
Crossover and Basis P Take: So basically, at
what point do we take the trade? By combining both these things, when the
crossover goes, now you know the problem,
apart from this, I will
tell you everything in combination with other things
today and will also explain the reality of everyone,
what is the reality, the only thing is that everyone has
made their own strategy, but sometimes it
cannot be defined so
well, so for this you need momentum, this
momentum category falls, yes,
after this, let us see what
this video says, which I
made for you guys, in the live market,
everyone will hear the sound, see,
this is yesterday's video, which means it is yesterday's, it is
not today's, yes, watch this, there will be a
sound, right now I will pause it so that
you can see it properly, if
you look here, then this red
line, I will also explain it, don't
worry, the red line is 30 and the
green line is
8, here it has done this crossover  This means
that your entry is here and you have to
place a stop loss
below the pre-swing. I will explain it now, but take a look at
it carefully, zoom
out now and see
how I am placing the stop loss. What is this right now? The
live market is running. I had a call of 479 and
I placed it on the option chart, I did
not
place it on Bank Nifty. I have given a stop loss below the previous swing that the
market made.
Almost a stop loss of 23 points is being
made in this and
what is the target given, that resistance near it.
Look, I will tell you everything now. Is the sound coming or
not?
Check once. The
sound is not coming.
Its sound is not coming. The sound
of the video is not coming, so let me explain.
Look, basically, whatever logic was there, I
took the entry through the same crossover. Well, I actually did
not trade it
because I thought five or six trades were done,
so I said not to trade too much, it will lead to
overtrading, because then what
happens, then it is a basic psychology.
You took the trade, so right now I do
not use this setup much.  Tech
confirmation, but if someone who doesn't have much knowledge knows how
this thing works,
I'm going to record a
video so you can see
how it works in the live market. It's
night now, so where will we get the live market from? So,
you saw it now. Did you understand it
or not? Did you understand it after watching it? There was
no sound in the video.
How come there was no sound? Wait a minute, okay, I'm
playing it again.
Wait, wait, wait. First of all, I do
n't have much knowledge of OS. I'm also learning.
I slowly understood
why there was no sound.
Now the sound is coming,
I didn't pay attention. I was stuck. You must have understood. Then tell me
its full form. Did you understand it?
Okay, so now you've seen
how it works in the live market. Now do you know what the
biggest question will be? What are the conditions for using it?
First, will it work every time? Meaning,
when you see a crossover, your trade will be placed.
No, no
strategy works every time.
It's momentum. So, whenever the VIX is
high, there will be more movement in the market, then
you will get better targets here. Also,
stop losses will be placed. If the
VIX is low and the market is not moving much, then it will keep
crossing like this again and again and
your stop losses will keep being placed on stop losses
because its category is it, it is a momentum
category strategy. This is okay. Now, this is
especially for those who do not have much
knowledge. They want to experiment with the
market. I should take something
that supports because it is
very difficult for a beginner to read and understand the entire market properly. Then we get
support. Yes, on what basis should
we go? Okay, now, let's first understand
this properly, then after that we will finalize its rules.
In which conditions should you use it?
You all have seen that the
first thing is that we are
using an indicator called EA.
Now, what is EA? Exponential Moving
Average. This is the moving average.  The word average does
not work much, average, this moving average is a
fake indicator, this is that, see there is a
concept, what is the concept of average,
suppose there are 10 people, all of them get different
marks, then an average will be formed for all of them,
suppose someone here gets 20, someone gets
25, someone gets 28, someone gets 30,
someone gets only 15, then the average of all these comes out to be let's
say 24, so until that
range of 24 is not broken, we
can assume that the class is still in the same range, it has
not come out of it, I hope you have
understood, the one related to average
works on the same average concept, it is not a new concept, it has been in use since a long time, earlier there used to be
calculation, now
that calculation is done by algorithm and is shown to us, now it continues again and again, it keeps going on, it keeps going on, it does not
show it to us every time
Okay, now the
number that we have used is the
length,
length means the average price of eight candles,
what all things happen in a candle, let's go to the
chart, let's look at each
candle, let's look at
this candle, okay, now
you will see that it opened at
4728, made a high, look here, it is
written at the top, I hope everyone will see it, it opened
correct at the top, it made a
high of 47800,
made a low of 479, and closed at 4725, there are
four values, an average of these four values ​​will come out, that
particular
value is the average price of this candle and
similarly if we calculate the average price of eight candles, then that
becomes the average of eight candles, it is that
simple, so right now the market is running
at 47000 906, but the average price of the last
eight candles is coming out to be
4723 only  This is the average concept. Now if we change
the value to 30, it becomes the average of 30 candles. So, the 'at'
that we have used is the
average of eight candles. And 30 is a slightly larger
range that we have to follow, so this becomes the average of 30
candles.
Correct. Now, if we change this to nine instead of eight,
that is also correct. The ups and downs of each candle are
not a big deal. Or even if we reduce it to seven, there is no
problem.
I chose 'at' because it is a '
Banasi' number. There is just the primary
logic behind it. And why I have used 830, there is a
little neurological aspect behind it, nothing else.
Okay, I will understand that sometime later.
Anyway, now you have to reduce it to
21. You can also do 21. It is a 'Banasi'
number. If you want, you can do it. It will
show the average of two candles. Okay, so
now I hope you have understood all this,
what is that concept of average? Now let's move on to the
strategy.  How to apply it,
see on the chart, let me delete it, first I will
go to the section with F one and
simply type it here, it will come in the top, moving
average expression, I will tap twice,
two items will come, correct, now go to the settings and
in the input, the value of one will be 8, by deleting the item below, it will be
again, it is dynamic in nature,
hence it also calculates the speed and
change its color to green so that we
know when to buy and when to sell, okay this is done, let's do it,
go to the red input and type it 30, you understood 21, you
can do 21 also, there is no foundation, you have to do it
also and if the recording of 830 which you just
saw on the screen, before that it was of
830, so if you want to go to that, then
go to that, 830,
now we have plotted it four  Now
first understand what the strategy says, the
strategy does this, whenever there is a cross
over
and after the cross over, if the
red line has come up, the red line is visible, it
means when will the red line come up, now
look at you, you have become smart, now you
know the concept of average, so if the red line goes up,
it means the
market broke the average of the first eight candles of 30 candles, the
market broke the average of one candle also and
went down, and the average of 30 candles also
broke and went down, meaning the overall
market is down, so in such a situation, when there is a cross,
confirm that cross as well, yes
now it's game over for buyers, time to sell
side, so I
sell at such a particular time, okay, what is stop loss,
its stop loss has to be taken on the swing,
remember the swing, this point is okay,
stop loss on the swing, I put it now, if it goes
down,
this is today's chart only, right, I
woke up very late, not today, today, this was today, this is yesterday's chart,
yesterday itself the market had told me around 2 o'clock
that it's time  To sell game over
for
it, good sell, you understood bike, you
can close it below for a minute, yes, it is
more area, when the green candle, sorry, green
line comes up, green is crossing over like this,
what does it mean, the price of the red line has gone
up, it has come above the average of 30 candles, the
market came above eight, so it means it
crossed the average of eight candles as well as 30, which
means the market has
crossed both the averages, now from here the
momentum of the market is upwards and
what did you understand about momentum in the beginning,
momentum is all about
speed, so now if there is speed
in the market at this place, then this thing will work,
as soon as the speed decreases, it will go sideways, then it will become
opposite from the strategy, okay,
what should be the stop loss here
in this situation,
now if it is becoming very big, then you
can keep it at the previous swing level, you can keep it here, so
stop loss is always in it, I put it
on swing, if you will also
watch the video, I will show you the video once again, the starting
point  Where I had set it,
yes now you see, I entered here,
this is a swing, everyone can see it,
first look at the very bottom where two
parallel candles are formed, this also
works well, I will explain this later,
but these parallel candles are formed, there was a
swing in that, after that the market came up and
paused here, then tried to continue from there, so I had placed a
stop loss below the second swing, I
always stop loss, we have to keep it on the
second swing, okay
now, if you talk about it in the video, then
where did I apply it in the video,
if we are doing equity because this can be
applied everywhere, it is not rocket science, it is an
average concept, whether we are doing equity
or crypto or
forex, in such a situation,
we have to apply it on whatever we are trading because
double double does
not work in it, it happens only in options
that the spot is moving separately and after that
We have to look at the option chart and
correct it. So, we apply this strategy
in the option chart. To trade specifically in options,
you have to understand where the support and
resistance are being formed in the market.
If the market comes to any support, let's say the market
comes to support, then I will plan only long
setups, that is, I will
look at the place where the green line is above it
and the red line is below it. Here is the
red line below it and the
market is going above it like this.
Something like this, this is the buy case.
In the buy case, I will only
look for buy trade near all the support and as soon as the
market comes near the resistance, I will only
look for sell trade.
Simple, no complication, just fine. So,
what will happen with this is that the trap
part will be avoided a bit and we will
know whether it is right or not. Yes, you have to do
only this at this place. Coming near the support, it
is showing buy as well as sell, it is
showing buy as well, there is no confusion, just
try buy and stop loss
below the swing. Now, you can see in this video.  It is being said
that 1:3 is found in the option chart,
you will find it quickly because momentum
comes very fast, but in this,
how much should you expect from the market around 1:
2 and as soon as 1 is found, then
trail. Trail
means that you entered at 50
and you have placed a stop loss of 45
and you are taking a target of let's say 75 or
60 something like that, so as soon as suppose the
market comes up, now you see that it has reached
60, then remove this stop loss
from 45 and place it at 50, thinking that if the market
now goes below this then I will be out,
okay, this is as a beginner, if you want to, you can do it, as a
beginner, what
happens is that you know your stop loss, if you incur a loss
after making a profit, then the
psychology gets damaged, the mind gets completely
disturbed, what we call indirect
line wedge, but when it has been time,
which I have been doing for a long time,
in such a situation then only  How to handle the nose
loss? In that case, either a
stop-loss or a target is the only option; there's nothing in between. In
that case, more profit will be made. Because, if we
talk about strategy, look here,
after the market went up here, it
came back to break-even and then from there it
rocketed.
Look, look here, I think it's visible
in the chart that it must have reached around 1
here,
and then look, it came down. I hope
you can see that it came down again to
retest it. I didn't put a stop-loss, it did
n't even reach break-even, but it came almost close to break-
even. So, at such a point, if
someone is new, they will be devastated. Hey, I was
seeing a profit of 2000, now it's
messed up. Correct, so you can just do it.
So, this is basically the concept. I hope you
understood it well. Now, look, we
can use it in another way.
Suppose we want to do scalping. Okay, so
how can we use it in another way, that
if momentum builds in the market  If this is happening then
what is the strategy of scalping? On the 5
minute time frame, we draw support resistance. On the 5
minute time frame,
I look for candlesticks, candlesticks
and also the momentum has to be there. After looking at these two
things, I plan my trade
on the 5 minute support resistance. Now if you are
not good at drawing this, then on the 5 minute time frame, if
you see
that the market has gone negative, then in
such a situation, you will
not go to the call side at all, you will plan only for put.
Planning an entry does not mean
that just by looking here, you directly enter the put, there should be an
entry there as well. So this
crossover is already placed here
in the case of Bank Nifty, but it should
also be there on the option and it is
better to avoid all this hassle. I would tell beginners that it is the
simplest, apply it to the stock, let's look
at ADAC
Bank now, let's see here, suppose you
gave an entry, then the stop in this is lost,
but  Anyway, if you placed your trade here, your
entry should be here, the stop loss should be here,
okay, and sometimes, when the stop loss is hit and the
market goes up, there is no need to regret it, it is
normal because what happens in such situations is that
sometimes, suppose you
took a trade, I took a trade, as I
told you earlier in the class, your market went
up after placing a trade, you got sad, but somehow, are you
holding on or not, no, no problem, it's okay, it happens,
I will
not leave my position, you
took the second trade, then the market did the same, you
took the third trade, then it did the same, in the fourth you think
that I will not place a stop loss, the
market is doing this every time, this time it will fail,
and you found out that the fourth time the market took the
same big loss, so it was a
positive loss, it could be that the market did
not place your stop loss, it went down and went up from
there, this could also happen,
but if this happens, then you got sweet
poison, sweet poison, I always talk about the market
in the class and I use sweet poison,
it spoiled your psychology,
broke your stop loss discipline,
and once you get  The
profit has been made, the profit is what fun,
oh wow, the profit has come, now your app
will be removed and at a certain time you will be caught
in such a situation that all the money you have made will be lost, so for this it is very important
that you follow these rules, okay,
so if we are
trading in a particular equity, then for five
minutes we plot EA and after that we do
scalp in one minute, okay, the concept is the same,
this was the strategy, I must have understood it
well, now let's understand its three rules, only buy
near support, only
sell near resistance, or net yours,
okay,
secondly, if there is a loss, that means there is
no volatility in the market, then do not trade, find some other
logic, if you know something else, then okay,
otherwise do not trade that day because the
volatility will be low, if the
market remains sideways at one place, then you will be trapped a lot,
and
thirdly, stop
loss done
for the day, this is very important, okay, so
these are the four basic
rules on support  Only buy
at resistance, only sell if wicks are low. Avoid
stop losses. If you take a trade,
it's fine. Close the day, not for that day. This was it,
so or this was what they
call the 830 strategy. I've
explained it to you in detail very well.
Okay, apart from this, let me tell you one more bonus tip. This
8EA,
if we remove the 30, then
this 8EA can
also be used for entry purposes. I'll show
you how to get entries just for entry purposes. The
logic of entry is
[music]
that the candle should not touch this.
Now, if you look at its logic like this,
what is its concept? Look,
whenever there is an average of very few candles in 8M, then the
market will always touch the line of the 8 candles, that is, it will keep
touching like this. Now, as soon as any
candle closes outside that average line,
like the first candle closed,
look at this one, green.  It is not touching the line, the
green line is ATM, so
in such a situation, look here, it has not been touched, so
what concept comes out of this,
if I tell you an example, then
take it and visualize it like this, suppose we all are here,
okay, you are here, I am there and all the other
people are there and we all are tied in a chain,
wherever four or five people will apply force,
everyone will have to go there because everyone is tied, the
entire momentum will go there only,
correct, so if I want, suppose I am here,
this is me,
okay, Harshit, this is me, if all the
people here apply force together, then I will also
go here, I will go separately, but if I come
out of this chain, now I
am free, now I can go here also, I can go here or
anywhere else, so out of the chain and this green
line is that chain, it is kind of that it is an
average line, as soon as the market
comes out of that average, it means that the market has
broken its average, it
is not in the support of the average, now as soon as it breaks, is it its
trigger point or not  Okay, fine, the average has been
broken, the market has gone beyond the average of the candle.
Now, if the next candle
crosses the high, it
means that upward momentum has been created.
Remember, this is also momentum based. As
soon as its low is crossed, downward
momentum has been created.
And again, it is not a new concept. It is the same
old concept of average that the
market has broken its average. We will
enlarge this. If we put it instead of A, then it becomes
200 candles. We have got the
point that at the candle, the average of the candle is broken.
We have become alert that the market has
broken the average. The candle has come out. The bird has become
free. Now, if the bird is flying upwards, then we
take the up trade. If it is flying downwards, then we
take the down trade. This is the
logic of entry. Now
we can
mix it with the demand supply.
What happens at the demand zone? If there is
buying at the demand zone, then demand will come at the demand zone. So,
I will only look at the buy-by. I
will see that when the market  If the candle has broken out
and is breaking upwards after breaking out, then
when is the range breaking upwards? So as soon as there is a
break upwards in the range, I will just place a
stop loss below that low or if I
want to go short, I will take the trade by placing a stop loss below the swing low. This is what I will do. I
hope you get the point where the demand zone is at
and the supply zone. I will just look for a short shot at the
low of the bird, when is the low range going to be at
and the punter there. I hope it was a very
easy explanation and you must have understood it. So
if we remove 30, then only 8 can
also be used to take entries. Okay,
like look here,
look at all these candles, momentum. If we look at it, basically, a
long time ago, when I used to trade,
what was the logic earlier? I tell you,
earlier it used to be that I did
not see much demand, supply, it just
came out and if you backtest it like this, then
you will understand it. By
testing it, backtest I am giving you homework.
This backtest is of homework type.  What you should do is to
watch the candle, as soon as it is
coming out of the average, see if it is
breaking high or low and
if it is breaking high, take a long, if it is
breaking low, take a shot and do not bet real money,
just practice it once,
like here it is gun, it has given a huge
move, so you got 13 easily, you get huge
rewards, in this the stop loss is
hit quickly but you get the reward again, then you
get a good moment
because the strategy is of momentum,
in momentum as soon as you get the momentum in your hand,
you will become one-sided and you will get huge rewards, if it does
not come then the
work is over outside the stop loss level, so this was the logic, so this was the whole thing, I hope
everyone must have understood it
well, and if they did not understand then now the
recording will be there
