Hi, my name is Khan and you are watching
 
chapter number five of Logic Trading.
In this chapter, we will learn
how many types of liquidity your liquidity can be.  We will
talk about whatever major liquidity there is.  Whether it's your support
resistance liquidity or your trend line
liquidity or breakout liquidity or
smart money trap and inducement and
internal equity.  We have divided this video
into two parts.  In the first part
we will learn about support, resistance, trend
line and breakout and fake out
liquidity and in the next part we will learn
about Induction Engineering Liquidity and SMT which will be advanced liquidity.
So first of all we will learn how a smart
money trader and a retail trader
thinks.  So in this part we will
see about all award retailers.  Let's look at the price
action.  This
is a very small part of it that smart money will get involved in.
In this part, you will be taught only how
a retailer thinks.  How does he
buy and how does he sell?
We will explain a little about his psychology, his strategy
and going by that
we will take advantage of it in our entries
and in whatever topics we have in the future.  The
most important
thing is to identify a retailer.
Because before becoming a good smart money trader, it
is necessary to become a good retailer
and only after becoming that, you are
able to identify his mindset, his
psychology, where he is buying and where
he is selling, you can make trades on his behalf,
these patterns, these things will
work the same in both your major and minor areas, whether it is
1 minute time frame or daily
time frame or 1 hour monthly, any time frame, same
things will apply everywhere,
you will see the same patterns,
same rules and these will be available in both your internal and external
liquidity
zones.  So how
can we spot this?  So let us
understand this a little through a diagram and how we
can spot it.  As you
can see, this is the diagram in front of us.  This
is a higher time frame and it has been taken as a higher time
frame.  This is a 5 minute time frame.
You can choose a higher time frame like 15 minutes, 1 hour depending on your trading style.
This will work the same in every time frame.  Higher time
frame and lower time frame.  First of all, let's talk
about higher time frame liquidity.  Higher time frame is that when the
market breaks the major swing highs and
sweeps them, it happens externally and
it may be created in any form, be it
supply demand, trend line
or breakout or high low
sweep, it can be created in any form
and internal equity is
your major, in between it the same pattern is created
like trend line support resistance,
as it can happen here on the right, then it will be
your internal because it is
happening in between your major swing high low.
That's the thing.  If you have any session, its
high and its low, and
anything is created somewhere in between, it becomes your internal.
If you suppose this is your previous day
's high, then whatever is being created in between is happening
internally.  It is happening internally.
That is why it is called internal
liquidity.  And the same pattern is being
created on your major structure, whatever is being
created, it will become your
external equity.  So let us understand this a little bit
in lower time frame and higher time frame.
Then it will be very easy for you to understand and
catch how
we
can mark our support resistance.  How to mark trend lines
and identify your breakouts or fakeouts.
This
chapter will tell you all about retailers and
how they trade.
What is their mindset
regarding things?  First of all, if we look
here, we will talk about our support or
SAR liquidity, if I
draw a resistance from here,
draw a supply from here, which is like this, then
here if you see how many
times the price has tapped here and
after tapping, you have got one twice four times outside from here, then
four times there has been multiple
rejection here, which is a strong
consolidation, that is, it has become a resistance for us.
This is the psychology of a retailer.
What huge shadows have been
formed.  And whenever this shadow is formed
after the price is typed, either on the up side or on the
down side, then what happens there?
Many people are introduced for sale.
So,
what are the stop loss maximums for those who sold here?
Above swing high.  So, the case that this is, it's
above your major swing high low.  Butt
patterns that are will become your beans.  So, the
market broke this and
after the break the market tapped and
after the tap what happens?  There would be a retest.
This is your supply, this gets
converted into demand and
then what happens here is that as soon as the price
gives momentum from here, people are introduced
for buy because if you notice, on
this bullish engulfing candlestick,
many people were introduced for buy but
it failed, why?  Because
maximum people here are thinking the same.  What happens if at a
certain point or at any
level most people buy or sell
?  Liquidity is
created there.  What are market makers
?  They collect stop losses
because they have so much funding that
their orders cannot be filled at market price.
So where are the maximum orders
?  Where everyone has stop losses.
Market makers trail stop losses
to ensure their orders are filled and
then they can move the market up or
down depending on whether they do so.  Now the same thing
applies to your demand.  If
I start drawing demand from here.
If you notice, the price has been
touched multiple times here and whenever the
price is touched repeatedly at any one level,
what people do is that they
buy or sell at that very moment.  This is your
actual low which is the previous low and
a supply above the previous low high creates new demand.
So this was your actual position
here.  Price tapped here.
If I extend this a little bit more
because here it looks quite right now
and is working as a proper demand.  The
price is getting rejected here again and again.
what happens now?  Maximum people
buy here.  These rejections are an
indication that
people are being introduced here for
buy.  So when people started buying here, they
placed the stop loss below it.
What do market makers do?  Stop hunted
market.  So in this way you can identify
whatever your liquidity is, supply demand.
This is a higher time
frame.  If I show this in the lower time frame,
how can we spot it?
This is your lower time frame
structure.  This is your major high.  This
is your major low.  Any liquidity is created between these two.
That becomes your
internal liquidity.  Because this
was your ah external high and
anything that is created in between this becomes your
internal.  Whether it is your internal structure or the
structure built in between it is
called internal structure.  In this,
you have to spot where your support,
resistance and liquidity has been created.  There
is a simple way to identify support, resistance, liquidity.  You can easily spot where the
price is rejecting multiple times,
going up or going down.
If I
create a supply in this, create a support
, then if you notice here,
how many times the price has
rejected from here multiple times.
But what happened finally?  The market
broke this and went up.  Why did this happen?
Because it was a rejection.  Rejected once,
twice, thrice from here and
what happens here?  Many people
put info sell and stop loss on it and
what do the market makers do?  Stop loss done.
Something here erased the order block
and after that the market came down.
Same things if you look down
here demand this was your first look like this.
Why are you marking this here?
Because due to this reason, we have got rejection in the market here.
Because this is
very important for retailers.
If I extend this till here, you
will see that whenever the price has been
typed here, the market has
given rejection from here.  And whenever bullish
engulfing candles are seen here.
what happens then?  People get introduced here
for by.  Now whoever buys here, it is
obviously a matter of stop loss, so
what market makers do is
collect all these stop losses, so in this way we
can spot our supply demand support
resistance
and accordingly we will take entry, it will be
very useful in the entry part because there
supply demand trend line breakout fake
out inducement smart money trap all these
things are going to be useful because there is
not one scenario all the time, any possible
scenario, so things are applicable for everyone,
so accordingly we will
take entry there.  So the entry things will be
explained very well in the entry parts.  But in this we are learning
how to mark support resistance.
Basically this is a strategy of retailers.
We are learning that.  How does it
work?  How do they draw?
So this is how you can draw it.
If I scroll this up a little bit,
you'll see that Price has
rejected this multiple times here.
But if I extend this, then the
price has given rejection here also.
So this high of yours will
act as a resistance.  Whenever the price is typed here, the
sale is typed here twice.  The
market gave rejection and whenever
any major high low pay price type happens.   You
get rejection from there.  He
works as a supply-demand.  So Price
typed it here.  Got rejection and
what happened in the market?  Went upstairs.  So,
these things happen in this way, you
can identify
where the new break of support resistance
structure has happened in the market and now our range is from
this high to these two,
if any liquidity is created between them, that will be
your internal equity created.
Any structure created between these two high and low will be
your minor
structure or you can call it internal structure
or you can also call it micro structure.  They have
different names but their work is the same.
If in this portion you have to
identify where your possible demand
supply is.  So if you notice
where the price is rejecting again and again.
If you see at this point,
how many times the price has rejected from here
and after the rejection the
market came down.  But what happened finally?   The
market has trapped me here.  Why have you
trapped me?  Because this zone was your as a
supply was working.  Many people were
selling here.  And what finally happened after that
?  The market broke it.
Now what did the market do after breaking
?  The order flow that went up was tapped
and the market came down again.  Why did it
come down now?  Because the market had taken away your external equity.
And
after taking external equity,
we need a change of character in the market.  After that
we can take entry in it which will be
possible for you.  Here's your break.
This will be a change of character.  Did the break.
Induction taken here.  Entry was made.  Now
when we learn in the entry parts, we will
learn this thing in great detail, so it will be
very helpful for you.  So
how do market makers manipulate this?
So that is why in this part we are only
learning to identify trend lines and patterns, support, resistance.
Because if you learn to identify them, then
you will know
where and at what point we should actually enter
because the whole game is about your
liquidity.  Once you
learn to identify liquidity, understand that
most of your work is done here.
Now let's come a little to the bottom side and
if you notice here,
what has the price done?  Here I have tapped multiple times
and
after tapping multiple times, when one and three were
tapped thrice, did the market
give rejection from here for upwards because the
momentum of the market is bullish. Now what do
people do, why do they initiate for buy
because the momentum is bullish, they have tapped on demand, they have got
rejection twice
and now they will expect price from here,
price gave rejection here, the
candlestick failed, now
what happened to those people who bought here, stop
loss happened, after stop loss was hunted in the
market, so this was your basic, basically
stop loss was hunted here.  Now after the stop loss is
hunted, we take whatever entry is
possible so that your
stop loss is hunted.
Your change of character after the stop loss is hit,
right?  There should be a change of character, the structure should
shift from here and after shifting we should
buy it which breaks the correct type,
took high incentive and we could
expect buy from here.  But the
price did not go up.  The market just
swept away your inducement.
If I mark here which
was at this point and after sweeping the inducement,
we will see the sell entry here
which we will learn very well in the entry parts.
That part will be very important.  So in this you just have to
identify the liquidity.  So we
could have sold from here and
many retailers might have also sold here.
Why?  Because this demand
works as a supply.  Whenever there is a demand
break, it gets converted into supply.
So many retailers here must have
also sold at this point
because if supply and demand do
not work then no one will
work on it.  Every strategy works
and it doesn't.  But you should know
where we have high
probability.  Where should we buy into this?
Where should we sell it?  Where
we have a higher probability.
Because not sure no one is like that.   There is no
point, no strategy
that is 100% sure.  Because
even smart money has a lot of traps.
We will learn that too now.  In the
next chapter that will come,
we can make buy or sell in this way.
We are learning how market makers manipulate and
how support resistance works.
How can we take advantage of it?
When the price is typed multiple times, then
how do we weight it based on our
criteria for buying and selling.  This is just
an additional confirmation for us to
buy or sell.  It does
not have any major use.  With this we are able to identify
where more offers are being made
for buying and selling.  And when the price
reaches our criteria, then we
can take buy and sell entry there.
And if you notice in the next attempt,
Price has rejected it
three times.  Correct.  Now that Price has
tapped multiple times here.
After being tapped, I got rejection from here.
And what happens after getting rejected
?  Many people get
introduced here again for sale
that the market momentum is now bearish and the
market will go down.  Whenever the price
taps on this, you will see a long big, a long
bearish candle has gone downwards and
after that we are seeing the momentum going downwards.
What is this thing
?  It induces retailers.  It
attracts them
for sale and buy because if you are
typing the price here.  Correct?  So when you are
typing the price here, many
people wait for the sale here and
type it twice.  Now here
and the ones who are introduced the most are the
traders.  Because those who have
missed it here do
not want to miss it here.  And maximum
traders
keep stop loss above this for infor sell here.
Market makers blew it.
Why does this happen?  Because there will be
repeated buying or selling at a certain level.
Liquidity will be created there and
liquidity also works as your reversal.  It
also works as a continuation.  It is
not necessary that if liquidity is taken, the
market will go up and down.  Like at this
point, liquidity was taken here.  It is
not that the market will only go down now.
Liquidity means continuation
or reversal.  It will work in both conditions.
Why did it go up?  Because you had
external equity.  There you
will see the low of higher time frame.  Correct?  Now if this
sweep has happened then what does it mean?  This
is an indication that the market is now going to
move upwards.  Because the market
momentum is bullish in higher time frames.
So in this way you
can identify support resistance.  Now we will learn to
identify the trend line.  How does
trend line liquidity work
in higher time frames and lower time frames?
How can we do that and mark it up in the correct way
?  This is our same
diagram again.  We are taking the same diagram so that it becomes
easier for you to
identify the same things, how and
where what possible scenario can happen.
So you can think about both the things, three or four things at
one point on one chart.
So it will be quite easy to understand.
So let's talk
about trend line liquidity now.  How to identify trend line
liquidity in higher time frames
how to spot it in lower time frames.
We are taking the same chart so that it is
easy for you to understand.  It will be very helpful to you
because if there are different charts
because of different scenarios
then it becomes very difficult for
you to identify them.  If the same things are
found on the same chart then it will be very easy to
understand.  If we
draw a possible trend line here.  The
correct method of drawing a trend line is to connect the price from the
highest point. If the
market is bearish, then
connect the price from the point where the market fell
or when the market has risen, then
connect it from the lowest point.  Let me show you
how you can mark it and
first we will mark it in the higher time frame
and then after that we will
mark it in the lower time frame.  The
method of trend line is that it is necessary to get at least two points
and after getting two points, the
third point is for buy and sell
because on its basis we
can decide whether the move will go for buy
or sell, if I extend this trend
line which works in this way
here.  If you
see here, the price is typed twice.
Correct?  It has risen twice from here and
when the price was typed here three times,
many people were introduced here for buy
because the market momentum was bullish.  Now
those who tapped and bought here
obviously made money here.
Why?  Because the market momentum was
bullish.  The price tapped here and the
market moved up from here which is absolutely correct.
But if you notice, when Price
taps on the next attempt, a lot of
people get introduced here
for buy.  Because he has
seen a rally here.  The price
is going up again and again and if the price goes here then we will
expect the price to go up.
Why?  Because from here the
momentum in the market is becoming very strong.
Whenever the price touches this point,
people will buy here.  Now you will
see here that as soon as the market tapped here, the
momentum that came, came only and only
because of your retailers because
people are buying here.  Correct?  And
what happens after that?  Whenever there is
buying and selling at a certain point in the market,
what happens there?  Liquidity is created.
Now, those who have bought here,
their stop loss can also be here.
Here also and wherever there is maximum
stop loss, till the
level where there is maximum stop loss, the
market makers will take the market there
and then the market will go up.  It is
not necessary that market makers take this low.
Market makers require your stop loss
and low and high to always be swept.  Whenever the
market goes up or down.  Why?
Because the
stop losses for buying or selling are always above or below the recent
swing high or low.
Whether your
structure is major or minor structure.
So here is the major structure
in the market, if buying happens here then the stop
loss will obviously be below it.  So,
if you notice the momentum that has come in the price here after taking this low, this was
your external equity that was swept and the
momentum that has come after sweeping has come from
here.  If you see the same thing on this side,
it is quite aggressive, the trend line is witnessing buying and buying
here and
after the buying, the trend line which has broken,
introduces for sellers, as soon as the
aggressive trend line breaks,
many people get introduced here
for selling, there is a rejection in the market and many
people will then extend it in such a way
that it is going to be a continuation in the market, a
bullish engulfing candlestick is being formed in the market.
Candlesticks are the most commonly manipulated
for retailers.  Big
candlesticks play the biggest role in
deciding whether the market will move up or down and people sell the confirmation of the same
and the candlestick is the one that
manipulates the most.  If you
notice here, it is a candle with a very big
shadow.  But this did
not do any work.  But it
introduced people to it for sale.  Why?
Because there was resistance here.
Selling here.  Now from here we are expecting
that the price will go down.  But
what did the market makers do?  Did it against him.
Candlesticks play the biggest role
in price action and the least role
in your smart money concept.  The
candlestick we will take is a single candle mitigation
entry.  Ok?  So what has happened here is just
manipulation.
You will see the trend line here or
you will see the support resistance.  What is this?  It
is manipulated.  The candlestick may be your trend line
or support resistance or whatever.  Everything can be
manipulated.  Whether it's your
smart money, whether it's your session high low
, whether it's the previous day's high low, everything
is liquidity.  So we have to spot the same liquidity
that we are learning.  So you have
support resistance liquidity.  Now the
trend line has become liquid.  And after that
if you learn then it will be your breakout
liquidity.  This is your trend line
liquidity right now.  You will mark it from here.
This is also your trend line liquidity.
Correct?  These are your trend lines.
Whenever there are breaks, you will see a reversal move.
Because whenever there are breaks
you will go up.  The market will
break downwards.  Your market will go upside down.
But it does not happen that the market
breaks down here.  Now we will sell it from here.
But we also have to look at our criteria.
The price will go there.  So you will
get an additional confirmation.  Then we will
buy or sell from there.  Be it a trend line break
or a support resistance break.  We
cannot blindly buy or sell there.   The
price will be tapped as per our criteria.  After that, we will
get the confirmation there and then we can buy or sell from there.
Trend line and support
resistance breakouts are taken only so
that we can take it as an additional
confirmation.  We follow the same thing
in lower time frames.  Let's see.   Let's
mark how it works.
This is your minor structure.
How to identify this minor structure.
This is your major high.  This major went low.
Now anything between these two
creates liquidity internal liquidity
because this is a minor structure.  There
is internal structure.  In this, if you identify
where your trend line liquidity is, then if
you identify from top to bottom, then the simplest way is to
start drawing the trend line from where the price has dropped or from where the price has risen.  So you get an idea of
where the liquidity is in the market right now.
First up is High.  The second high is here.
We will extend this.  So you see
that whenever this trend line breaks,
it will act as a liquidity.  And this will be
additional confirmation for us.  But
before that we also have to mark our PY.
Because if your PY is at this point it is
anywhere.  For example, here
is your POI, it is the demand zone and if you tap here, then the
liquidity that is being created above this will
work as a liquidity.
But this thing will be made after it comes on your demand.
So it is not necessary that
your trend line is fake.  That trend
line may also work because your
criteria fits there.  If
anything is created before that, it will
act as liquidity.  But if your PY has been
tapped and after tapping, if
you are
buying and selling according to your criteria, which we will
learn in the entry parts, if any
liquidity is created there, trend line
breaks or breakdown happens or
support resistance or anything is created,
then it is not necessary that the market will
reverse from there, it will
also work as a continuation, so here your first
liquidity which was created here, which we
just saw was the support resistance
liquidity, that too was created at this point, so
these multiples liquidity are being
created here and the price
tapped the extreme auto block and then the market
came downwards and before that if you observe
your change of character, the market
came down and correct.  Now after that the same thing
happened here, the market took the inducement
and this extreme one of yours was the last
buying candle before the sell which was at this point.  The
market tapped out and then this is what
we will learn in more detail in the entry parts.
In this we are
just learning identification,
how to identify the trend line.
How to identify a breakout and
how to find resistance, this is a simple way,
your trend line broke here.
Many people do buying here and
after that if you notice the one
which is aggressive before that, it is a flag type
pattern.  There was a break, many people
buy here.  Again the market has this
flag here, in this way these flag
patterns, these continuations work as a continuation
for retailers.  So,
what happens here?  The manipulation that happens in the market is done in this manner.  Be it a
trend line break or your flag
pattern break or any of your chart
pattern break or upward or
downward, you have to see where that zone
is suitable for you where you
can do buying or selling in it.  This will just
give you an additional confirmation for buying and selling.
Same thing, if the market
moves downwards here and
you connect this high to this low, then the
breakout that has happened here will also work as your liquidity.
But if you look at this,
not the previous high, whenever the price
sweeps the previous high, then what
happens is that it is a confirmation for us for
buy and sell in the market, whether it is the
previous day's candle high sweep or
major high low sweep, if any sweep happens then
it will either work as a reversal for you
or will give you a deeper pullback, the market
swept it, the market
came downwards and the market filled this order block, the
market momentum is downwards, we
can sell in it.  This is a possible entry
for sale.
You will learn even better this way.  As
I explained, we will
learn all these things very well in the upcoming entry part.  Now let us
scroll a little to this side,
if you notice here, your trend
line is from this point to
this point, if you draw the trend line,
which is quite correct.  Many people
buy here because the price is
trading multiple times here and whenever there is
any trend line or any level
where the price repeatedly taps, the
demand and supply becomes the weakest.
Most people had a
buying break here.  Now what happens is that just
like people sell in the market here
, will the people wait for the pullback here?  There are
some people who will
buy aggressively here because they will see that
this is a demand zone.  Something like this.
Correct?  Now this has become a demand zone for them.
The trend is typed.  Will see the buying.
What is the momentum of a butt market?  That
he works against you.
Runs against retailers.  It will give them hope.
Will introduce them for buy and sale.
Same things are happening here.
Tapped into the market and the reaction went up.
Now what happens after the reaction goes up is
that we need to
see our entry criteria in the market
that where is our POY where we
can buy and sell and before that if anything is being formed then it will
work as a liquidity for you. Our criteria are at
least you should take the inducement and
engineer liquidity, only after that
we can buy and sell it, which we will
learn in the next chapter about inducement
and liquidity and smart money trap,
so in this way our supply
demand breakout resistance, all these
things work.  They just have to be identified.
Basically we are learning
price action in this.  The same things were repeated here.
This will work as your resistance.  Just
like we
worked in the previous diagram here.  Correct?  So
after taking this resistance which was yours, I typed the movement in the market, the same thing,
resistance here and
typed the order flow, your order block here.
Correct?  And after taking it, in
this way your SNL equity
also became a breakout for you.
What happens to this breakout now?  Many people say bye.
If you do the same thing with the trend line, then
both your demand, sorry supply and your trend line are broken.
So this is quite an additional confirmation
because a healthy bullish candlestick is
also found here.  So many people also buy here.
And there are some people who
buy retest pay.  The price retested and
gave a bullish candlestick but failed.  And the same
thing happened again.  Market momentum
turned downwards.  The trend line was broken again.
Like there was a break here and the same thing
happened.  The previous high was swept and
after the sweep, the momentum in the market
came towards the upside.  As soon as the sweep was
done, the market reached this point.  Same things,
same process will remain.  Whatever be your
time frame, be it higher time frame
, lower time frame, 1 minute or
one day or four hours, 1 hour daily,
weekly, monthly, any time frame, the
same situation will work in every time frame.
Even if you are taking entry in the lower time frame,
you have to do these things and even if you are
marking the structure of the higher time frame,
you have to apply all these things, so
this is your breakout
liquidity which is created after any high low break,
which happened at
this point and this happened at this point,
it is generally called breakout liquidity
and if there is a trend line break then it is
called trend line liquidity and if there is any
supply demand trap
then it is called SAR liquidity, so
these are three types of liquidity basically,
which is a general liquidity which is going to be
used the most.  There may be other types
of liquids as well.  Just like there are
moving averages, there are Fibonacci levels.
All these work for liquidity.  But the
majority of people who trade
work mostly on the basis of these three things: support, resistance and trend line.
So these are what we have learnt.  Each
indicator will serve as your liquidity measure.
Whether it's your moving average, whether it's your
Fibonacci tool, whether it's pivot levels, each one serves
liquidity.  Because the area where
most people will buy and sell will be the
most manipulated area for you.  And
one thing you always have to keep in mind is that it does
not happen that if there are retailers then they will
not make money or their strategy will
not work.  It will depend on
which side the probability lies.  It
is the highest.  If a retailer trades
then his trades also go well.  It is
not necessary that if smart money is working
then we will win 100%.  it's not like that at all.  The
whole game is about probability.
We have to see which side has more probability.  If you are
drawing any trend line, then you have to see
on which side its probability is higher.
Because if you notice
how sharply the price has broken at this price point.  Now, those who
sold here must have
made enough profit to
trade the trend line.  Correct?  But
maximum time you look at the trend lines,
they will be your drape.  If you
mark it aggressively here, that is the
correct way because this
is a flag, an impulse move and after that the price goes
down.  But what
happened here?  Price trapped it.  Now,
because of this trap, the rest of the
traders are
not able to take entry later because their stop loss has happened
recently, so they are not able to do so.  But if
any new person has taken it here, then
he has taken the trade here.  So this is the reason that keeps
people continuing.   He will
work part-time, but not part-time.
Due to which people here become more confident
that yes, this is working.
We just have to take this for additional confirmation.  It doesn't
mean anything to us.
We will take this only for additional confirmation.
If there is a breakout or fakeout anywhere
, support resistance is formed somewhere, then
we have to keep in mind where our PY will go and the
price will go there.  Whatever is created before we call our buyer will be
part of the liquidity.  We will
not enter there.  Be it a trend line
break or any level break.
We should not have any concern with that.
We will tap the price only at the price of our
interest.   Only
after that will you buy or sell.  Before
anything is created, we will
not take any action there.  So this is how we
can mark it.  Support, resistance,
trend lines and breakouts and fakeouts.  In this
way, it can be identified.
You also need to be a good retailer before you can become a good smart money trader.   Only then can
we identify things.
I hope you have learnt a lot
in this part and I will meet you soon
in the next part.  Till then, happy
trading.
