Why is trading so difficult to learn
 
?  Is there a reason why you are
unable to do anything in trading even after learning everything
?  Because if we look at the reality,
all the information on YouTube
is actually available for free.  You will
find lectures on price action.  You will get trend line
lectures free of cost.  You will get to
learn candlestick.  If you have the desire to learn smart
money concepts or all that, then
you will
get everything free of cost on YouTube.  But
even after that, why does it happen that someone is
trading in a simple way and making money
and even after knowing so much, you are still
not making money in your trading.
[Music] We'll learn the biggest reason for this and
how you can improve it in today's
lecture.
Even after learning everything about trading, if you are not able to make profit
then try to find out the biggest reason for it
and that reason is actually
trading psychology.  Now
trading psychology is something that a
lot of people say does
n't actually matter.  Many people
say it matters.  If you
believe me, then when all the information
is available for free and people know everything, even then
if people are not able to make money then the only reason behind it is
your way of thinking.
In very simple and easy language,
this is what matters.  Now
what do I mean by that way of thinking?
By way of thinking I mean that when you are
in a particular trade then how do you think,
that is, now this way of thinking is actually
80% of your thinking
in trading and if you have been in trading for a long time, let's say
you have been in trading for 5, 6, 7 years, then
this thing is 99% [music] because
again now it has been six, seven years,
5 years, so it means that you have given enough
chart time, you have
learnt enough things, you have also incurred enough losses.
You have also burnt a good amount of money.  So
now the only thing that is stopping you is
your way of thinking.  What
everyone calls trading psychology
from my point of view.  It's Just How You Think
When You're [Music] Into a Trade.  Now
what usually happens?  Everyone has
different thoughts here.  A beginner will
look at trading from a different perspective.
For him, what I am saying now
may not be relatable.  Why?
Because he will say, friend, I do
n't understand price action yet.  I do
n't know how to place orders in the market.  I don't know how to set a stop loss.  I do
n't know what an option is.  I do
n't know what the Forex market is.   The
basics are not clear.  So if I
tell him that boss, 80-90% of it is trading psychology, then
in the beginning it will
not make any sense to him.  Because trading psychology is something that no
one can
teach you all at once.  It's all about repeating the same thing
again and again with discipline.  Only then do
you slowly and gradually
improve.
This is not possible with a single lecture or a single video.  Now if we
talk about percentages, what would be
this ratio for someone who is an absolute beginner
?  For that, he has to pay 50% attention to
clearing all the things like basics etc. and after that, 50%
is psychology for him.  When he is in a trade,
he has to focus on how he is thinking.
But as a beginner his
focus should be only 50% there.  For someone who has been
in the market for two-three years,
80% of the thing is trading psychology
or how he is thinking, the remaining 20% ​​are the
basic things and for someone who has been in the market for six-seven years,
boss, 99% of you are losing because of your mindset
and trust me nothing happens, so
now you have understood what is the biggest thing, why
even after having everything you are
not actually able to do it, it is the one thing how you
think, now what do I actually
mean by how you think because if
you go to break it down then how you
think is such a tree, such a tree
which has multiple branches.
Many emotions and thoughts come within it.  Some
in general, I'll tell you what they are.
First of all, when you are in a particular
trade, at that particular time
you are either in fear [music] or you are
neutral.  The first emotion is
fear.  Now when does fear occur?  Look, if we
talk about human nature, every person is
afraid of losing money.  [Music] Be it a businessman or
Ambani, no one
wants to lose money.
This thing is against human behavior or human mind.  And
as soon as you enter the trade,
losing money in the trade is inevitable.  You will lose money.
You have to bring this first acceptance.
Now it depends if someone has
₹1 lakh capital.  Should I tell him
that you have to take a loss of ₹60000?  That is
60%, he will get scared there.  Fear will come.
But if someone has ₹1 lakh,
tell him that he has to take a loss of ₹2,000.   I have to
take a loss of ₹1000.  He will say okay,
I can have this much beer.  There
is no problem.  Again it differs from person to person.
Some people now have
very good income from let and some from let.  If Rs 1
lakh is not a big deal for him, then he will be ready to take a loss of Rs 50,000.
No one has any income at all.  For him, ₹1 lakh is
everything, so he will be afraid even of a loss of ₹2000.
Some examples that I'm trying to explain to you is
that this is a very dynamic
[music] thing.  But if we bring it in a short
summary then that summary will be that if
your [music]
risk, whatever loss you are planning in advance,
if it is more than your mental acceptance
then you will feel scared.  That is a
very obvious thing.  And to remove your fear,
keep the risk as low as possible.
I said it so easily and it
is so easy to hear but it is
equally difficult to apply.  Why is it like this?
Another reason that brings fear along.  Let me
tell you.  If you trade with ₹1 lakh
, you will risk only ₹1,000.
Suppose you also get a target of 1:4.  Meaning, if
you got a target of ₹4000 instead of ₹1000, then
you have made only ₹4000.  Now this
₹4000 seems very less to you.  Because
friend, what can be done in ₹4000.  Again,
4000 may be a very big number for some people.
₹4000 may be nothing for anyone.
Generally speaking, if someone is trading with a capital of ₹1 lakh.  If
he earns ₹4000 then
he might feel that this is too less.
If I had
taken a risk of ₹10,000 instead of ₹1,000, I would have made a profit of ₹40,000.
And everyone does these calculations.
What is this thing?  This is called [music]
Greed.
So as soon as Greed actually comes,
Fear will automatically follow you.
That is one thing.  That's why it becomes so
difficult.  Because you are
actually tired with one emotion and that one
emotion is bringing another emotion.  Now if you see that's why
it gets so difficult because
one emotion actually
brings on another emotion [music].  You're
going to tackle a single emotion.  That
single emotion must be carrying another emotion behind it.
Now look, if you do not
take big risks then you will not get big profits.
Everyone wants big profits.  And as soon as you
take a big risk, you will be afraid of losing money.
And this thing actually blunders
into live [music] trades.  This is
not written anywhere.  I am able to tell you this
because all this has happened to me.
And I've [music] been in all these
faces.  And all these aspects become clear
when you actually lose your entire capital.
And you just wonder
where the mistake was.  And another problem is that
after incurring a loss, we never think about what
mistake we made.  We go out
and try to arrange money
so that we can quickly recover what
we have lost earlier.  So till now
you have understood in these words that
you have to first understand as much as possible
what stage you are actually in on the spot right now.
And when you realized that no,
yes I am still in this particular stage.
Weather It Can Be a Beginner Stage, Weather It
Can Be an Intermediate Stage and Weather It Can Be an
Advanced Stage.  The beginner stage is over.  It's been a
year, it's been six months, it's been five months.  I have just
started this.  50% Psychology
Intermediate Stage has been completed two-three years ago.   You may have
made some money but overall you are incurring loss.
You are not able to work out.  Then
you have to focus 70-80% there.  20%
Still you need technicals strategy and
set of rules to follow.  Then comes the advanced
stage where you have been there for six or seven years.
You have wasted a lot of money, lakhs of rupees, thousands of
rupees or crores of rupees.
[Music] But you still can't make a profit.
Here you have to focus 99%
only on trading psychology.  There's nothing else for
you [to do with music].
Because
whatever you had to learn, whatever practice you had to do,
you have done it all in the last 5 years.  And then
you should understand which
[music] type brings out the two primary emotions.
Again, if I break down these emotions, then
four to five types of contexts will
emerge within fear only, we will talk about them in the next video.
But this is in general.  So
if you try to tackle one emotion, another emotion will
automatically come.  If you just try to tackle fear, then
friend, I will do one thing, the
easiest way to solve fear is
that I will keep my risk very low,
if I keep the risk low then
greed will overpower me that friend, you are working with such low
risk, my money is
not increasing at all.  So if you try to control fear,
greed will dominate you.  Then
what will happen?  You will trade after two-four days
because you have just seen the video.  Your
mind is alright.  But again, what will Greed do
?  Greed will say no friend, take heavy risk.
Take heavy risks.  And as soon as you take a heavy risk, that fear will
come again in a very heavy way.  Because nobody wants to
lose money.  Now
if you try to control fear and greed somehow
and you do it somehow.
You have controlled your fear that boss, I
will work with less risk.  You
explained to your mind that boss, don't be greedy.  I do
n't want to get rich quick.  I will do it slowly.
But the first rule is that
I have to stay in the market.  Don't make any loss.
I will definitely make the money.
Now when these things happen,
even if you control both of them, do you know what will happen
?  Then comes the thing that brings these two things together and
that is the fear of missing
out.  Because now you said, man, I wo
n't take [music] risk heavy.  I convinced my mind
that I will not be greedy.  But when the
chart is running in front of you, you will be sitting like this.  You are
looking at the chart and you said okay
I will take a risk of 1000, that trade went off at 1:3,
you have made a profit of 3000
and you are seeing that the market is
going higher and higher, it is going higher and higher, it reached
1:4, it reached 1:5, it reached 1:6, oh my
god, I held my head down and looked up, it has reached 1:8, right in front of
your eyes, it is forming from inside, now you want to
catch on
that trade, now as soon as you go to catch that, then
actually the thing which is getting you caught
[music] is making you greedy, it is making you
greedy that no friend
boss, I want to make money quickly.  I want to
cash that trade.  I will be free
from it and the market will go up.  And then
you will come
back to the same trial loop.
These three things are there that I have
realized.  Now I am telling you in a very
simple way.  Again we are going to discuss
individual fear, individual
greed, individual fomo, I will bring
another lecture.  But this is the
biggest reason why [MUSIC]
you're not able to make money.  Because the same thing happened to
me too.  If I talk about today,
today I have a channel where I do
live analysis and I do live trading.
If you go there and see, today
in the market [music] direction was I was
right.  The market went short from where the short plan was made.  The
market went long from where it was planned to go long.
Students have made some money.  The
people who were watching on YouTube Live planned according to their own way and
told them how they made money.
I made a trade plan.  SL hit.
After that the market down from there.  Meaning the
market vented down after hitting my SL.
what happened after that?  I planned the next trade
because the risk reward was not there so
I did not enter.  Now if we look at it, there was an
overall loss.  But I am absolutely fine.
Because it was just one bad day.  If we
talk about yesterday, then yesterday I was
sticking to my plan and I got 1:3, so
suppose by taking a risk of Rs 1000 I made Rs 3000
and today I again made a loss of Rs 1000.  I am
still in profit and there was no FOMO, no fear,
no greed, nothing because I know how these
things impact in the long run.
So this is the thing when you are in a particular
trade.  Once you start
rewiring yourself, that's how I'm thinking.
What kind of emotions are coming inside me.
And once you will focus on these three
things then only you will be able to make
money.  So this [music] was the thing.  I hope
you understood this in the lecture.  And
in the next lecture we will
talk only about fear.  All the best.
