A strategy which is so easy
 
, so simple that anyone can learn it
, anyone can understand it and if
you know only basic maths then
through that basic maths you can understand it,
execute it and the results are very
good.  And in fact, many people have done its
backtesting themselves on one-year charts.
Where sometimes 60% return has come out in a year
, sometimes 70% return has come out.  It
is so easy that anyone can understand its meaning even
if he is not from a trading background.
He just
needs to pay a little attention and he can understand in the chart
where he should enter and
where he should exit.  And
keep this in mind that the strategy
will explain the entry and exit to you properly in the chart and
through it you will be able to define your entry and exit.
But the real money is made in psychology.
Keep this thing in mind.  Anyway, nothing will happen
with just psychology.  If you do
n't have a strategic approach.
Now from a beginner's point of view, if I am
a beginner from let's.  If we push the beginner directly
into psychology.  He doesn't even
know what the basic dynamics of the chart are
?  Or he does
not have any strategic approach.  He does
not know what to do in the chart, how to do it
, when to enter, when to exit,
when not to enter, then he will
not be able to do anything even with psychology.  Right, he should have an
understanding of the price at that basic level and
then after this understanding comes,
then 90% of the game depends on psychology.
Anyway, I have explained a lot of psychology to you
, told you a lot and explained it very deeply
and you people have also given me a lot of love.
In this particular lecture, we will talk about the
833 strategy and
how you can use it.  How I personally
use it.  And you learn, work hard, move forward.
This is what I want.  It is actually
very good.  The video may be a little long
because I have to explain everything to you in depth.
I want you to
understand this very well.  Ok?  So
please watch the entire video carefully.  Attend the entire lecture.  If you have
any doubts, please
ask in the comments below.  I will try to
reply to you.  And more over
I just want you to learn.  And just move on.
And along with this, there is a surprise for you in the by
the end of the video.  I was
working on something.  And finally that
picture is being put together, you know.
So I will tell you about it now, I
want to keep it a surprise, I will
not tell you in the beginning.  Let's keep it a
surprise and the rest is
8:30, you learn, understand and work hard, we will
discuss point by point in detail.
Let's start.  Now you have come
on my screen and the
daily time frame chart of gold is open in front of me.  Ok?
If I delete all my EMS right now.
Let me remove this.  This is my
personal smart AI.  Let's remove everything else.
So right now this is a blank chart.  Ok?
Before knowing the strategy, let us understand
how to apply it?
How to apply it.  Ok?  Absolutely basics.  So, just
like you can see this chart of Trading View,
when you open this chart in any of your brokers
, you will see a
section named FX or Indicator at the top.
After that, here in the search bar you have to
type EMA which means
Moving Average Exponential and you have to
add 8 and 33.  Now how to do 83?
When you add in default it will
come like nine.  After nine, you have to go to settings
and here you have to make the length of one as
eight and the length of the other as 33.  Right now it is
365 because I was doing some other
analysis.  Here we will make it
33.
Ok?  Now we will go to style and change
its color to red.  Ok?  Raiding
is important especially if you are a
beginner.  Ok?  You are an expert.  If
you have knowledge then there is no need.  And
we will color the eight green.
Now you have done this much.  Your
strategic set has already been set
in the chart.  And now we understand why this thing
works?  Why are its results so
good?  And how is this thing working so well for me
?  Ok?  I am going to
explain everything to you.  So first of all let's
talk about EMA.  Out of the EMA
we keep MA and will understand the rest of the EA later.
So what does MA mean, what does MA mean
?  MA means Moving
Average.
Ok?  And the E that is coming in this, E
means exponential.
Ok.  So Exponential Moving Average Now let us
understand Moving Average.  Because he is very
much.  Moving average is a type of average, let
me explain it to you with the example of a class.
Ok?  Because this is
a lecture.  So you understand from the class point of
view.  So, there's a class from Let's.
Ok?  This is Class A.  Now there are students in Class A.  There are a
lot of students.
A student got 50% marks.
A student got 60% marks.  A
student got 58% marks in A-Lets.
One student got 40% marks and some
poor fellow got only 28% marks.  Ok?  If
we go to find an average of all these percentages.
Ok?  I will not calculate it now.
Time will be wasted.  Butt takes a random
figure.  Let's say the number comes out to
[nasal sound] 53%.
Ok?  This is a random number.
If you calculate the actual number, it will come out to be something else.
Calculate and tell me what
came to my mind in the comment section.  Ok?
What does this one of mine say?  If you are actually getting
more involved then you
can calculate.  But other than that I
took a random number.  Like, suppose approximately
53% came.  Ok?  This was a Class A.
Now if there
is a school from As a Teacher Lets.  There is section A
, section B, section C and section
D in the school.  Let's say this is class seven.  Ok?   The
average percentage of Class Seven A is
53%.
Suppose B has done 65%.  Suppose C has done
85%.  Although C does not do it, but
let's say it was done this time today.  And D has done
40%.
If the teacher of class A wants that
his percentage should increase from 53 to 80%
and he teaches a child with 40% marks with a
lot of force and hard work and on
top of that he gets 100% percentage, even if the
child with 40% marks increases to 100%, then
also the entire average will not move a
little, it may happen that I may become 60% or I may
become 70%,
so what I am trying to explain to you through these random numbers is that an
average is very strong.
Ok?  That's why we work.
Now
whenever we
click on 8.  Now you have eight in front of you.
Now look, if you
zoom in now, you will see it more clearly.
Right now the price of gold has reached
453940 41 on the daily time frame,
but the average that is
running is 4559
points, its value is changing in points,
what you see below is the market
price.  I will do one thing, I will change the color, then it will be
easy for you to differentiate.  For
now, let's color it yellow.
Ok?  Now the yellow color that you
see above is actually the average
price and what you see below is the
market price.  Market price
may change instantly but average price does
not change instantly.  To change an average,
first the price will have to give a certain closing
and after closing,
when the next candle
moves in that direction or if there is a
huge move in a single candle, if
gold suddenly comes to 47 or 4600 and
then closes there, only then the average
price will change.  So, that is, what have we
understood till now that
if gold has to push its average a lot, then it
needs a lot of momentum in the price or it needs a lot of candles, that is, the
market price
changes rapidly immediately.  It
changes in seconds but the average does
not change in seconds.  Until if a
big move has come.  Ok?  So averages are
strong.
Now this is where we connect all our dots.
If the average is strong then
how are we using the average?
Support
and
Resistance.
Ok?  The handwriting is very bad in this.
But I hope you will understand support and
resistance.  So we are using that EMA or we are
using this line as a support resistance.
Ok?  Now I
hope it is clear to you
why we are using it as a support. Now you know
if I turn on 33 as well, then
you see that 33 EMA is higher,
why is 8 below, why is 33 above, the number is big, that's
fine but
what is the actual concept of 8, I will explain to you, the
meaning of 8 is 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8,
whatever the average price of the candle has come out in the last 8 days, the
price has fallen for three days, then it has
increased a little, on the right and this thing matters on the closing,
so whatever has been the average price in the last 8 days,
that is being shown in front of us and
if you see today, gold is
not able to cross its ATMA on the daily time frame,
today is 30th of March.  I hope
you get to see this video soon.
But this is how it is right now.  What does 33 mean
?  Guess in the comment section.
33 candles.
Simple.  So at means at average of candles.
33 means average of 33 candles.  Now a normal
person will try to impose his strategy on you.
But a true son, but a true
teacher will try to teach you the concept.  Now
what will you understand from this?  Do you know
what?  You have to use 8 and 33.  You
use this number.  You have to use no more 15.
You should use 15 more.  You have to use 20 and 50.
You use 20 and 50.  When you use N and
15, you are looking at the average of nine candles
and the average of 15 candles.  And you are
looking at that range as a support resistance.
If you are using 20 and 50 then now
you are looking at the average of 20 candles with a minimum of 20 candles
and a minimum of 50 candles.
What will happen with this?  Entries will be available a little early at 9:15.
Some late
entries will be available in 2050.  833 is
a very sweet number in my experience.  There's like a sweet spot.
And it works for me.  And it
works for most of the people.  People have back
tested it and they found good results.  Ok
?  So, this is the reason.  That's why I use it.
Now let us talk about
how to make an exact entry on this.  How is stop loss
planned?  How I Basically Do and How This
Whole Thing Works.  Ok?  And I will
also leave you a challenge at the end.
Ok?  If you take up the challenge
completely, with full intensity,
with discipline, think in this way that boss, if
I fail this challenge then either
I will not use this strategy or
I will step back completely.   I will do
something else.  Ok?  There should be so much dedication and
discipline in that thing.
Now, first let us talk about strategy.
How to enter and exit it?  Then
after that we will talk about the challenge.  Ok
?  So that you can understand that no, yes how
powerful this is.  So let us set the time frame for
5 minutes now.
Ok?
Ok.
I'm changing the color of the 8 back to green
to make it a little easier for you to understand.
Ok?  I have changed the color to green.  Now let
us understand the meaning of 8 and 33 and
how to understand the entries in it?  Look, keep one thing
in mind.
We use a candle to enter.  That is the
dominance candle.  Those who have
not seen the video on candlesticks, you should go and watch it. It is one
of the best lectures ever on
candlesticks. You can watch it free of cost.
Simply go to YouTube and search for
candlesticks by Wizz Trader. You will get
the lecture. Okay, so there is a dominance
candle in it. We will use that dominance
candle. Now, dominance candles. Which are the
dominance candles in it? Is this a dominance candle? This
red one, yes. Is this green one a
dominance candle? Yes. Is this a
dominance candle?  Yes.  A Is this a
dominance candle?  Yes.  Ok?  Dominance
candle.  So I am telling you in such simple words
that even if you do not have much
knowledge, you can still understand
that okay, boss.
I want to see the dominance candle now.  Ok.  Now Once You Know This
Dominance Candle.
Now you have to see on
which side the direction of the average is.  Ok?
We also have an entry being made right now.  If the 2-minute
candle closes, I will
also plot it in front of you so that you
can see.  This will give you a little more confidence.
Ok?  But
you have to see in which direction the
averages are going.  This direction
tells you that you have to
take only bearish trades.  Meaning if the red candle
is above the red line, the green line is below.
This means that the price is
moving below both the averages.  So when the price
moves below the average, there is
no sense in buying.  So
how do we plan?  Once we
know the direction.
What is the direction showing us here?  Bearish.  So now
here we will only take short trades
or either take short trades or do
nothing.  Will wait.  This is what this
strategy says.  Ok?  Now there
is still 1 minute left for the example.  Now if this
candle closes like this in 1 minute,
then we can plan our stop loss and target in
this manner.  Our
stop loss will be whatever is the highest point
of the swing, the highest point of that swing will be
our stop loss and this is our entry
point and after that we can keep the target
till our closest support.  Ok?
So one, this is a small range.  After that
if this breaks then if you will see the next
closest support is till here.
So we can target up to here.  And
if you see that as far as I am
expecting the target,
if I am getting 1:3 or above then it is
very cool.
If less than 1:3.  It is 1:2.  Can't you trade
?  You can do it.  Your choice
is your account.  You can do anything.  But I do
n't enjoy taking trades below 1:3.  I don't feel confident.
I avoid such entries.  Ok
?  This is such a simple example.  I
showed you live.  Right now you will see that the trade is
not placed.  Why?  Because the candle has not closed.
It is possible that in the last 30 seconds the
candle may completely reverse and it may
not remain red.  This candle should turn green.
Ok?  This also happens in some situations.
So if this candle closes, we plan
our entry.  And after the close, we have to
see that it has a cross entry.
You will understand this well in candlesticks
about cross entry and spot entry.  But we have to see that there is cross entry.
Ok?  It is that simple.  Well, let's talk about the same
thing in this, we are
talking from one point of view and another point of view.
How can you enter in another way
?  Let's assume that the trend continues in this manner.
Now you missed this big entry.
If you missed the entry at the resistance of 33, then
if any candle is formed by touching the 8 EMA,
like this candle is formed, a dominance candle like this is
also formed, then we
can take the trade in such a situation also.  All that is
needed is a little observation to see whether there is momentum in the market or
not.  If there is no momentum in the market
then there is no benefit.  If there
is momentum in the market then we are all good
to go.  Ok?  So if you are taking a trade on 8 EMA then you have to pay some
attention to the momentum.
33 EMA is best anyway.  Sometimes even if the
momentum dies down a bit, it picks up after the 33 EMA retest.
Ok?  It is such a
simple strategy.  If we
try to go to the buy side in this, then
for the buy side you have to first see
which is the trend of EMA.  Ok?  So you saw
that the good EMA is telling you to buy.  It
is bullish, meaning 33
is at the bottom and green 33 is below and green is at the top.
This means that the price
here will only give you buy-bye entries.
Ok?  So where can we say goodbye
?  Took retest of 33.  Can I buy it
?  Yes.  Took retest of 33 here.   Can I
buy it?  Yes.  Ok?
After that if this candle is touching 8 EMA from the left.
By taking a retest of 8 EMA
we are getting a buy entry.  You
can say bye.  Yes this is how I plan.  Ok
?  I would strongly suggest that you
practice on your own before doing anything.  Do your
own research and gain
confidence.  Do it only then.  But this is how I do it.
I'm trying to teach you what I do.
Ok?  This is one of my
approaches.  And these are many approaches.  But
this is one of my approaches and it works very well.
Ok?  Now this is one way.
Now let us talk about some things
that we should avoid in this
?  What to avoid and when?  Avoid When should we
avoid?  Let us try to understand this a little.
Suppose
our price has reached support.  Now
if it is giving you short entry near the support.  Because
this is EMA.  It does
n't have a mind of its own.  He doesn't know that there is
support here.  Right?  This
is not a smart AI.  That's just an indicator of basic EM.
They are telling you the entries as per their own understanding.
So in such a situation,
if the short gives us entry near the support,
then I will avoid it.  When will I
take short entry?  When the support has been broken
and before that there is
consolidation here.  I have an idea of ​​fake breakout and real
breakout.  Then I
will plan.  I won't take any others.  And in the same way,
if he is giving me long entry at the resistance, then I will
avoid long entry at the resistance also.  In which case can I
take long?  In which case
I see the price continuously
consolidating and then
giving a breakout.  It's a basically it's
a real breakout.  Ok?  Which I
told you one thing here.  Look, that is a very
solid type of thing for you that will
save you a lot of your stop losses
because it has saved me a lot too.  You
can go and see live trading.  If the candle has
not crossed,
we have not received any follow through price action, there is no follow
through.  This means that if there is
no cross entry, we are not entering.
Ok?  It could still fall.  I'll take it when it
falls.  If it's not crossed
, I'm not entering.  This thing has to be taken special
care of.  Ok?
So this is the simple strategy.  Now if
you ask me about the time frame,
if I am using intraday
or scalping.
In both situations I prefer 5 minutes.
If I am swinging then I prefer
one hour or sometimes four hours also.  Ok?
Rest it's all your creativity as to
how well you use it
with your existing system or
how you can use it even better.  So
this was a simple explanation.
Apart from this there is no rocket science in it.
Although I use a few more things, which may
seem like rocket science to
you right now, but it also works very well.
People have done back tests.  People have
seen 60-60% results in backtest.
And I will say you just go and test it.
So the challenge is that if you are using 5 minute time
frame then you should do
whatever you want to do like back testing or vising of 5 minute time frame.
But using the 5 minute time frame,
you have to take 60 trades and see.  And if
you have dedication then instead of 60
you will try for 100 trades.  After
100 trades you will automatically understand
how deep in trouble I am.  This thing is
working for me or not.
And if you get a result of 60-70% and are
achieving targets of 1:3 then I do
n't even need to tell you anything.  You will anyway
follow the same thing and remain consistent on it.
I am telling you again.  This thing will
definitely help you to get in a very easy way to
execute things in a
very simple manner.  But if you want to
make very good money, you have to focus a little on psychology
and you have to be good at it.  Ok
?  Try to use more things.  If this is
possible and and basically if you are using more things then
you should know
exactly which thing is showing what.
And then you are trying to correlate things
and lead to a certain decision.  Ok?  So this was
a strategy.  That was a thing.  Now
apart from this, what is the biggest surprise for you
?  Let me show you.  Look
carefully.  The surprise is for you guys.
I was working on this smart AI for the last one year.
And right now it's smart or finally
in its last fuzz.  Now some
more things need to be added here.  But it
shows you so much in a precise manner and everything is in
real time.  Gold trading
is currently underway.  And by the way, what we
saw a while ago, after the cross, the
trade is going in our favor.  Right?
Anyway, you must be seeing this above, you can
see in the daily trend in Smart AI, it is showing bearish, four hour
is showing bearish.  One hour is showing bullish, 5
minutes is showing bearish.  So if all three time
frames are showing me as bearish, then
which side will I be biased towards?  My bias will be
on the bearish side.  I will
not focus much on bullish trades.  I will focus only on bearish.
Right?  Apart from this,
more time frames are yet to be added in which
you will also see 30 minutes and 12 hours.  30
minutes is great for scalping,
specifically in gold.  So what will
happen with this?  If suppose you ever see that
all the time frames are bearish and even
after that you are trying to buy in the hope of a strong buy,
then a type of
stud is formed.  Right?  So this helps you
to execute your trades better.
Plus, all these zones that you are seeing, all
these zones have been drawn automatically.
If I turn it off everything
disappears.  But if I turn this on,
all the zones automatically come here as draws.
Now these ones that you
see at the bottom are swing order blocks
and the ones that you see in the smaller zones are
internal order blocks.  Brother, all this
comes automatically by draw.  And not just this
thing, if you shift the time frame,
let's say your time frame is 5 minutes.
This is our intraday zone.  Everything has
come to Raw on its own.  If I
shift this from the lates to the four hour time
frame to the swing time frame.  So now
whatever zones I see, they will be seen on the
basis of swing.  For example, this is the
trading range I have for swings.   The
price last came to this particular area
and has gone above this exact zone.  And
this is where the price has gone up.  Because of this the zone did
not come into existence.  This zone has been here ever since
this block was formed here.
So if the price comes in this range then I
can expect for a buy.  And if the price
comes in this range then I expect for a
sale.  And if in this situation I am
also seeing the trend, whether it is bearish or bullish, then
my probability increases further.
Pending liquidity will also be added to this smart AI.
How to do it?
How will you get this?  You simply have to go
to the description.  I am
putting the link of this smart AI access in the description.
This will keep getting updated from time to time.  And
as it continues to be updated,
it will become more and more precise.  Right?  We
have to use AI in order to become better
traders.  We have to use it.  So whatever my
existing knowledge is, whatever my existing
methods of trading are, I am trying all that.
You know, I should bring everything in it completely on the
basis of AI.  So
this AI can take real time beta and
show me better things.  For example, let me give you
a simple example.  If
I have to correlate eight things with the letters, then
I will have to manually check each one.
What will Smart A
do?  The conclusion of everything is before my eyes in seconds.
So trading in this way is
better.
What do you have to do now?  You simply have it on early
access right now.  Ok?  You simply have to go
here and click on Get Early Access.  I am
putting it in the description
below.  In this, you can see that we have got accuracy up to 80%
in back testing.  You'll go into Early Access.
You will see the form here.  You will
fill up the form and then you will
get an early access to it hopefully very soon.  And after that you will be able to use it.
So, this was a surprise for you.
Share it with whoever you want to share it with.
And this was the complete video on strategy.
Tell me how you felt?  And
how did you like this surprise?  And
how are you liking the learning videos right now?  And just like
you have got to see this one precious video now
, you will get to see more precious
videos in the future.  Because the
way I explain things
, no one else can
explain them in such simple language.
So I will try my best to make you
understand well and become a better trader.
