Support and Resistance if you trade
 
Yes, this video is one of the best till date.
The video is going to be in terms of support
For advanced concepts of resistance.
Because in this particular video you will learn
First of all, what are the support resistances?
The approach is done in a proper manner. such as support
If we talk about resistance, then one
It happens when the price reaches support, we buy
Can do. Looking for confirmation for buy
Are. Price will come at resistance. sales tax
Can. Looking for confirmation for the sale
Are. Then support resistance
There will be a break. So in support resistance
How to take breakout entries?
When can you short if the support is broken?
If the resistance is broken, when can you go long?
Then what happens after that is a fake breakout
Is? What is a real breakout? Trap
How to enter the markets?
When to trade support becomes resistance
Is? When to trade when resistance becomes support
Have to do it? What is consolidation? all these
Advanced Concepts You can take this free master class
I am a learner. Now you have time stamped
You must have seen this video I don't know
Approximately 2 hours or 1.5 hours
It is going to happen. So that means that a lot
There will be more information in this and everything
Told in a very simple and detailed manner
Is. And with that, by the end of time
You will also see that the doubts that usually arise
The end of the session will come to your mind
It will become clear in me. because it's a live
This is a clip from the class itself. And finally, Joe
They are my actual students
I have been asked a Q&A. and Q&A
I have solved all his doubts. So
Most probably if you read this entire lecture
You will see it and after watching it you will have some doubts.
So that too will be solved at the end of time.
Will go. And it is going to be very very
Fruitful session for you. so much time
Don't waste it. starting straight away
It is on the video. And besides there is one
More Information I Want to Give You Next
class is about to start which will be
From 20th of July to 20th of August. Ok
There is a little change classes that is
20th of July se na start hoke 20th of
Will start from August. From August 20 onwards
Will run till 20th September. First in July
I was living there but just now such an incident happened.
Is. Basically, I had an Instagram account.
There is an email from Instagram.
That we are taking it down. because of some
Community guidelines and all. Don't know
Is that it? I don't know. May be some AI
There is a glitch. Who created a fake account in my name
Has happened. Because of that I also
There must have been some community guidelines. I
I don't know exactly what had happened but her
Because I might have to fly. But I
What I have done is that whatever class I will
That you should not wait too long. 20 July
Don't wait till 20th August. Reason
Being that old Joe before it just
Classes have been held, like the class on June 20th.
It is running and the class that took place before June 20
These are the recordings of all the classes.
That class plus shifted to 20th of
Added to Content section in August batch
Have done it. Now what will happen is that for a month
You complete the sequence one by one.
You will see the recordings. Where you have everything
You will learn from A to Z and then after that
Same thing when we start live classes
will do it from 20th of August so kind of one
You will have 2 months of training.
In which first I recorded the entire
See, and after that in the second month you
The entire thing is recorded and attended live.
Get it done. and then the extra things
If there are any, I will add them in it also. because
This is an evolving market. I Daily
I am trading. So daily I also do a lot
I learn everything. Right? So this is a
Thing. This was an update. Rest let's continue the
Video. Monday to Friday Regular Live
There is a class. Well, I promise
That there will be one hour class daily. But I
I always believe in you wherever you are
Teaching actually so you always get lost like this
In teaching you to lose track of time. This 
Because the class is of 1 hour but
Sometimes it goes to 2.5 hours age
well. So if you want to join live classes
If so, I am giving the link below.
You can click on the description
yes. That's already the discount link. End
You can join from there. Join
The process of doing it is very simple. You
You will go and enter your name. Enter details
Will you do it? After that, after registration
Downloading the application Visit Trader 7 and
You will log in with the same number. Class Access
Will get it. When the class starts, you
The notification comes. This was about the
Class. If anyone wants to join a class
If so, because apart from this, because after this
I and no one else will make separate videos.
say or no, yes the class is starting
Go. So, whoever wants to do it can do it,
have to do it or can't afford it
It is here. I Hope It Is Going To Be
Very good for you. and trade well
You will find it in the market. Let's go straight
In the video. Let's go. Basis of an EMA
Pay I got into a trade it was went it
vent well and that's one of the first things is that ema
Dynamic support is like resistance
It happens. This is what you have to
Understand. The second thing is so simple
Cheese can also give you money but experience
and you need to have the
Understanding. Because I have EMA
There is understanding. I know the logic behind
It. How does he work? came because of her
Head confidence. Confidence made me trade
Got it executed. Ok? just one
Learning strategies will do nothing. you need
To have full understanding. This Was The Thing
that maybe I've done it in personal mentorship
I had told you. I don't remember. good one more
Tell me things through personal mentorship. there is this
Did you not do cow love today?
In 2023 he was in my class. Now!
He is also into personal mentorship.
Yes, he is there. Lovepreet how much profit
did you do it today?
And we share that too with them.
Are. Lovepreet made $6,000. now know
Let me share one thing with you. Small
It is a thing. Learning Again This is for you.
It will give you confidence. Lovepreet said
I love you about crypto
Which crypto was that? Please tell me. I
I forgot his name. Moon Dang was some name, right?
Her Moon Dang. Yes. Ok. What happened just now?
Lovepreet's risk in that particular trade
This wasn't a very good trade from Reward.
On that because he had already married Lovepreet
I had not planned it accordingly. it was this
Crypto Moon. Deng
This is Na Moon Deng USDT this one
This is crypto
Now what the heck is he took a trade
was kept here was here
I was there when he messaged me.
that Sir, it is like this and
I am in this, I am currently running at a loss.
I don't know, maybe 3000 or 5000 dollars or something like that.
There was a loss of Rs 3000 something in it, I don't
Remember this figure now, but anyway, so I
Told him that if I were in it right now
so what do I do
Liquidity is here, Max is not there, sorry
Even this fair value is visible here
Even this crypto is easily available.
Could have been 0.9 I think love I'm not right
Figure out how far crypto can come right now
Crypto is in loss, it's fine
But either if you feel like coming here
If I suffer a huge loss, then right now
Halve your position or reduce it slightly so that
Can you survive till here or more funds
Add that to your liquidation price
Come down. This is what he told me that
I avoid it a little. I said
It can easily reach here. and you have
To be mentally prepared that it can come this far
This is it. So confidence came, position held
Kept it, did not get it cut. No panic today spike
Came. $6000 booked in the spike itself as soon as
I booked a profit and then I came out with $000.
I am so happy about him. Now learning this
It is for you that whenever you are in such a situation
If you get stuck here then I will tell you
Gave. Okay, but love is ahead for you too.
These. Whenever you invest in any such crypto
You are getting involved. The first thing is his
The fundamentals were fine. I also learned the fundamentals
I saw it and then told you. I had said
Give me time now. I will check the chart
fundamental then I will tell you that x
Exactly what my plan could be
In this. Now the most important thing here is that
Whenever you get stuck in a situation where
The first thing you think about is daily and weekly.
Do the analysis well. You need to use crypto
Dead end should know first that Boss Ye
The minimum can come up to this and if it reaches this
If he comes, will I be able to survive or not?
I will find it. There was another person whose name was probably Krish.
From. Don't know what it was. His $3700
Was incurring a loss of Rs. when he was in class
We started then. Who was he?
Krish. You were Krish. Who was he? KSP Ye
Crypto Tha Caspa Tha I Think Crypto
He was losing his cool. Who was he?
Ignore it, if the crypto guy doesn't come then move ahead.
understand that I was there
Hrithik was there, Hrithik you were there, your loss was $37
Caspa was which crypto was that?
Ratik Ratik Tel KSP so that we can chart
Open it and Caspa was the only one
So
First of all, one of its dis was looking as a
Dead end up to this particular area
The probability was high. So whenever you are like this
Go Aggressive in Crypto You Have Rent
One must be able to manage his positions.
It has to be done in such a way that even if it reaches there
I should not suffer a huge loss. Ok?
Reduce the quantity a bit. More
Don't go aggressive. But you have to have it all
Basically planning. either intraday trading
We're doing That's a Separate Thing. But
If we are taking such swings. swing
Requires planning. I had told earlier
It's 80% planning. yourself in every way
has to be evaluated before you
Getting in this position. Lovepreet I am so
Happy that you did very well. what do you say
Are? Please send me a gift. tell me the address
I will give it to you. Ok? Just getting going.
Let's go to Caspa. Let's go to Caspa.
What was KeSPA? Because Hrithik is also like this
I was stuck there. Was in the same position
3700 Hrithik how much was it, was it 3700 or 3200
And tell me how much is the trade now?
Are you happy Vishal, tell me quickly, tell me quickly
KeSPA was KeSPA not coming this
KeSPA was a $3200 loss, how much is it now?
Ratik how much did you get as USDT ok
No problem Manish, we have just started the class.
I did not do it, I have just reached 2000, Hrithik and less
It will be done, look
ok ok lovepreet got it got it
Lovepreet's loss at that time was $10.
Lovepreet you have not made 6000
I have made $16000 now if you look at it now
I want a gift worth Rs 16,000.
OK because the $10,000 loss is covered
Your end then you make $6000 in profit. And
Please don't make that mistake again. I don't
Want you to repeat this kind of mistake.
Go into position after preplanning it very well.
Ok? Let's look at another example
Hrithik's.
I would say that it is a good thing. things
I did a workout. I gained some confidence.
And I am so happy for you. But now my
Does not want such risky positions.
Risk $000 Risk $00 No problem
Not there. But if you risk 10,000
If you are going to be there, you should know that
Boss, my potential in this is 30400.
That's what I do. I bought crypto
I took the trade in July I think of July
No, sorry, it was March trade when I was catching up.
Had gone. First trade taken $00 loss share
I did it on the community. took another trade
$5,000 loss $00 $5,000 in all of this
Target was $00 $00 $00 then I took third
And I think that was the last trade I said.
If this too was lost then my year would have been lost.
This crypto will result in loss and I
I will close it and will not trade further.
Third trade is on the third or even later in the day
The fourth trade was short Bitcoin Cash
That even the risk was $2 something like 15
Aaspas and it made 71800
something a few dollars
Ok? So take a big risk, no problem.
Is. Justifying by Capital
And the targets should be made bigger. Ok?
You were trapped in this. Nickle I am happy
For you but next time be prepared.
Take good risk reward trades. Its
What was the trade? KS
KS KS KS Case KS. I have my
Send screenshot Lovepreet. Ok? I will
Share with these guys. So give them a little
Confidence will come and you will not make the same mistake again.
These people will not do it.
Hrithik, you also send me the previous loss and
How much is going on right now
KS USDT
No, this is not
Okay, so these are some trades that are absolutely
You can say this like this, these are real
Trades and Real Scenarios that you
It will give you confidence ahead, it will help you now
When the class started, we probably
The case was here, it was somewhere here and Joe
Hrithik was running a loss, it was $3200
Now I am worried sir, what should I do?
I did it again fundamentally
research on this technical research on this and
I told him again that confidence thing
That right now this week if we test positive
And if we get a high
entry then it's everything is good now if
I would already be there because the loss is going on.
of $3200 and Hrithik had total dollars
$3700
Okay, so how many Ratiks were there? There were 37 and
There were more, 4000, how many dollars were left?
near you
Tell
Soumyadeep Catchedam was very good I
Let me remind you Hrithik had $3900.
Listen carefully to this study because all this is happening now
Recent trades and mistakes were corrected.
Ok? It was $3900. He did this from class
The position was already created.
Running loss is $3200. normal man
Will become panicky. I am in such a situation
I have come here not once but a thousand times. and his
I recovered. My Capitol was blown away. Butt Joe
I actually used to do the same thing earlier.
I gave the same advice to Hrithik that if I
It would have happened because I had already suffered so much loss.
Almost $600-700 remains
Can't we make $34,000 from $600 or $700?
can make it but they already
The intention should be now if there is a loss of $3200
will cut and only 6700 will be left and that
If you go to make it, you will get mentally frustrated and
There is a high probability that it is also zero.
It is bound to happen. Because if there is $50 in it
Even if there is a profit, it will be less. They
It won't take much. You are agreeing
What do people think of what I say? it makes
Sense right that if your 32 went $3200 went
So how much will you earn in 6700 then? I am 300
You will earn, you will earn 400. It will seem less
If the pay against 3200 is high then the probability is high
That he will go away. What I Told Him Know
Is?
So much has gone. Now either leave it. I
If it was there, I would have left it or else brother, you would have gone away completely.
Either now it will recover from here and
The probability was very high. I said
See if it closes below this.
Then understand that the matter is never ending.
Because these liquidations are fast
Phil will come to do it. All this will break the law.
The Capitol will be gone. It breaks it.
Then whatever is left, 100, 300, 500, 400, that much close
After doing this, understand that it was my mistake. The market has
Shapa Mara Mujhe And I Have To Accept
It. This was kind of a you know thing which
I have told him. But I said take it as long as
Hold until the break occurs. I
If it were true, I would have done the same because there would have been a loss.
Has gone. Touch wood and God's grace now that
Loss covered by Rs 3200 only
There's $100 left. And we have weekly
There is also confirmation. very high now
The probability that it contains the full $100 is
It will be covered and more probably this profit
I close it. It was a good swing.
Ok?
So now he did not put this on Lovepreet
I will tell you how to apply it, love
don't worry okay so this was the thing now
what happened that
Now, if we look at it specifically, your brain
What's coming in $3200 to the minus
Just look how much is $3200 -900? $3200 - 1900
how much
hurry hurry hurry hurry tell me
1300 hey 700 Rajinder how 1300 not 1700
1300 OK $00
Hrithik, I told you the same thing.
I said it in the app as well and I am saying it again now.
Yes, this is a profit, not a loss for you.
The loss has been recovered, now it has happened
Let's assume that from here you have to manage your
position If I were in your place, if I had
And if I want to hold for longer then I will take a little loss
I book here for $200, $400, $500
And holds the rest of the position because IV
Have a weekly confirmation here. Ok? So
These were two very good incidents. Kind of
It was the same thing. Before taking a position, take
Lee first. There was no prepla. And then I
Will said thank you to the market.
The market has reversed and you are getting
You know one has booked profit for one
The loss is almost covered, otherwise it is completely over.
Tha you are welcome thank you sir se kaam nahi
It'll work, okay anyway, so this is a thing now you
People please don't make such a mistake, always have
Properly preplan positions then go
execute it okay this was very good
So we have three very good understandings.
Learned things, saw my trade today.
Saw the Lovepreet incident and if this
If there were offline classes, I would have met Lovepreet
$1000 for whatever profit he made
He would get her out and have everyone party.
All the people in the class. But offline
If there is no class, Lovepreet escapes the party.
By giving.
But that was good. Hopefully, someday this will happen in the future
It happens that when offline classes are up then it is fun
Many will come there. Yes, it will remain pending
Lovepreet's party.
Ok. And yes, one more thing, one more thing, one more thing
I remembered the cheese scene. 2023 Lovepreet
In the next batch after your batch
The scene happened. here there was one student
Who told me that my phone is gone?
He had gifted me that also. Now what
He did it with that kind of scenario too.
It was beans. But there was this scene with her that she came
Think he had a loss of something like Rs 20-22 lakh. They
He had closed the entire loss. That Loss
I was.
After that, the advice I have given you now
I have told you, I have explained the whole scenario, how much
Rajendra, tell me how much loss is there in your loan?
I took it, why do you take it on loan brother?
Why do you trade and one thing from here
Trade or not, you move ahead or not.
Well, that's fine, it depends on hard work.
It does, but please don't take any loan.
I can't take a loan, am I day free?
By God's greats touch wood I'm de free
There is no loan on the car or the house.
There is a loan, right? Any business loan taken?
Is. Lons R Good. I will go ahead and get it.
But can't I take a loan?
Why am I not doing it by taking a loan? I
Why am I doing it slowly?
Please understand and use some common sense.
Now you are starting to understand, aren't you, Rajindra? Ok.
He understands it after making a mistake. Any
No matter. Will come. Don't worry.
Look, I have completed 12th and have 45 lakhs.
There is a loss. Yes, you guys know where it came from.
Let's go? Yes, complete 12th and get 45
Also incurred a loss of lakhs. Tell
Now this and I am saying that the lesson here
nor learn from any other human being before
It is better to lose something first than to lose so much.
At least whoever you learn from will put you at risk.
Even though management is my hope
That I would have taught you. Yes.
Ok. Did not carry forward. 7 lakh in
Options. Aha
Right now I just ask one thing that in the option
You saw the IV before you traded
What? So there will be no answers for everyone.
Like you trade after looking at IV? Sometimes
Tell me.
Not everyone will have answers. As many people as
There will be no answers for everyone who has lost options. No
No. No. Look, not everyone is responding.
Are. And everyone has opted out.
Checking today's i specific. It Was Around
It Was in the Morning Around 12 123
11.35 which is ok ok not very good but
Then it increased to around 123
Of course when the time comes then you will
Get Experience. Then you will understand like this
It is believed that the market is not sideways today.
Is. Then you will have to go ahead and see. But
You Need to Understand All in Initial Fuzz
These basic things. Ok? so no problem
No.
I will say whatever situation you are in.
I have also been there, I also understand
I came to know that this boss is a mistake. half-baked
I am working with knowledge. So half
Knowledge is dangerous. ok let's go back now
Let's start. A. Support Resistance
Wala Thing. Let's Focus and Let's Make This
Class very good. Ok
Now
We will start with the basics. Two Basics
We have seen it but still we will start
With basics. So what is support?
Resistance?
I will be very quick. Ok?
So There Is This Thing Support
End resistance. See There Starting to Happen
First tell him that after editing you know put
It's on YouTube also if it's possible
give them anyway so support resistance if
We See a Support Is
Where the price comes from
It has increased in the past. from every place
The price has increased, from where it has risen,
That is name edge support. and every place where
Price has dropped from That is the name of
Resistance. Now this support resistance which
is this something where if
If the price comes near the support, it will definitely increase.
Will increase. If it encounters resistance, it will fall.
Will fall. The answer is a big no. because this
Support Resistance These Are Just Numerical
Levels.
These are just numerical levels.
now now
Since there are numerical levels then a you can
Say or not, yes, it will tell you or not, yes
Where has the price increased nearby?
It's fallen, okay now
When the price approaches support resistance
goes. Ok? So let's divide this
Into two. This is what support is and this is what
Resistance. Sorry, I wrote it wrong.
This is done, support and this is done
Resistance. When near support
Demand will come
Then the price will go up. Demand is what
Which makes price move. Same for Price
He takes me upstairs. Ok? If the gift
Supply will come near resistance
Then the price will fall. Price will come down
From there. So all together if we combine
Numerical levels are support and resistance
And if there is supply on resistance
Then the price will move and demand will reach support.
When it comes, the price will move. This conclusion
From there we arrive at a line that it
Is Variant For Us To Check How
Price
Reacts. How is Price React doing?
Support near resistance? you must
Have you seen these videos or you know people that
This is resistance. Price comes at resistance
If it goes, I will sell it directly. Support
Is. Price will come at support, buy it directly
Give. This is in my opinion is a little
Bit wrong approach. Resistance Pay Price
Will come. Price previous in I No Resistance
The bar was down. It is meant to be you know
Go down from there. to go down from there
He is very likely to do so. but what
Will this happen 100%? We don't know. market is va
Unpredictable. Right? So our job is
First to Understand and See Price There Pay
How is React doing? Any Kind of
Confirmation is there or not that tells us
Or no, yes actual supply is coming. donation
V Enter into position. This is a right way
Of approaching support resistance. Ok?
This was a thing. Now how to draw this
We do? A quick snack pick. let's take a
Bitcoin for example BTC USDT
dotp
Ok
ok ok ok
No no no yes perfect so let's get to one
Hour
Okay, so if you remove it, first of all, support
How to draw a rectangle tail rectangle
The tool is now visible from wherever the price is.
Raised from here then price
The price is rising from here.
all these zones are supports ok
Some are strong, some are weak, we will discuss
It's about who is strong and who is weak, but this
Every place where the price is rising
There is support and every place where the price
This is the resistance that is falling. Ok? it
There was resistance before that.
It was Resistance before that. Ok? End
donation
We saw this yesterday also. Right? Although tomorrow
I deleted the class. But anyways this
There was resistance. After that, go ahead and
If we go further because now there is no one above this
There is no resistance. So, if going forward
So look, we have then at the end
Because now this is the last one, then this
This is the last resistance. then completely
The market, this bitcoin, is at an all-time high.
It will be on Ok? Almost if seen, the same
The price has fallen from the resistance. This is also your
For a better understanding, watch a live
The example showed that the price at resistance
How does he react after coming? What now? Forest
Believe me, know on our time frame
It would have been known earlier that this is resistance. I
What could I do? Then shift from here.
It is done on 5 minutes time frame. 5 minutes now
What do I need after I get to the timeframe?
will be? A Kind of Confirmation. of confirmation
So you also know about dominance candle.
Well. You also know the rejection candle.
Now where are the potential entries? So V
Have a Rejection Candle Here This one.
But is there any entry in it? The answer is no.
Because Los has not been crossed. end edge
A beginner we always try to go for a
Cross entry. We do not have spot entry
Let's take it. Spot is basically when the candle
Saw end crosses when his low cross
It happens. Then another rejection
Candle became not very good but after that his
Low cross happened. can you enter here
Were? Yes. Stop loss will be this target
Until next support.
Ok? So what did you work out here?
Simple Support Resistance. another entry if
V C Potential Entry. parallel here
There is also a candle. Apart from parallel candles, if
Just look at it, this is a red dominance candle.
What was the entry? Potential? Yes. So this is what
Candles are being made These Are Actually Kind
Of indications for you. If any one long
There is price behavior. Long Price
Behavior means that the price here
Spends a lot of time. One is that
There is understanding of the price. But Sins
Price has not behaved like that yet. So
If taking the first approach price
How will we know about the Resistance?
when we're going to go get a
Short and a long when there we have a
The candle will appear. Now People Say Candle Some Times
Doesn't work or does. work here
doing. What is the candle telling you?
The same demand supply which is a particular one
He is indicating to you on the range. because
C
There is a candle. Now this rejection candle
Made. The logic behind this rejection candle
Why would a rejection candle be made here?
This is where the price opened. here
It has closed. He has made this high. These
He has made it. what potentially
Could it have happened here? Price Went Here
It opened. Price went all the way up. Price Up
Who takes it away? Aggressive bearers. Correct
Is? Not just bearers, aggressive bearers.
Because if someone is buying then someone is selling
is also doing it. Aggressiveness in Butt Buying
Is. Most people are aggressive. what is the price
Happened? Went up from there. What happened after that? When
Price went up, aggressive selling here
Came. That means supply is more than demand.
Because of that the price fell down first.
You also went down to the low level and closed it.
Although a little buying came, but it was not
That. Is this a good indication to get
A you know kind of confirmation that no, yes
Here we are getting some sort of supply
And Aggressive Sellers Coming in: The Answer Is Yes
That is what rejection candles do.
Price rejection at a particular level
Why is it getting rejected because
Supply is coming there, okay, so we need it.
To Understand Resistance from Near V
Need confirmations ok one is done
Second price, if you spend a lot of time here
Spends time near resistance
falling through an area of ​​resistance or
Then he is consolidating very well.
So this in itself also indicates
What exactly is going on there?
Demand is being generated, supply is being generated
Used to be. What what is there? Ok? This is
How We Basically Trade in Support and
Resistance. Right?
You can get some help from this. If You
Will simply go and click Lux Algo. So
It draws automatically. I think it
Wasn't this one of the smart money concepts?
This was it. This is also a good indicator to
Understand
It was already about this. I told you only yesterday.
So it automatically draws and tells us that
Is this support or resistance? Now this is a
indicator it doesn't have a brain so you
Will show multiple levels. You have a dot
Must be there to connect. So you
You can take reference of this. But human eyes,
Human mind is better to understand. These
That's the basics of support resistance. Now
Let us come to the advanced concept. Advance
What are the things in the concept?
Do you come? Fake Breakout
Real Breakout
then traps
End
Consolidation
It is such a powerful tool. Who paid for the consolidation?
Had taken? 1:5 or 4 rate video also
B may have uploaded it. The team did not
Is. I have told them to upload. yes I did
It has happened. So who was this guy?
Keshav Keshav you have joined the class.
Right Let Me See
Keshav Keshav Keshav.
Yes Keshav is there. So Keshav consoled Keshav.
Has experience in the past with the first three
This trading butt Keshav has been doing this for the last four years
Now I understand consolidation better because
His past experience is obviously
It is good that you understand things quickly.
The experience is never bad
Only because of the consolidation he understood
Price very well and got a trade of 1:4 and
Keshav, in the video you uploaded
You will see that there is another person in it, maybe
He is a student, I don't remember which one.
He was from the same batch, he got one five, he did not come.
I don't know exactly, but it seems from what I say
She Got One Five Just on the Basis of Consolidation
Pay. So these four concepts are these
Advanced Concepts of Support and Resistance
Which makes him strong. That basic
Anyway we can. But these things
Makes the real change. Now first of all,
Let's do fake breakout. throw it now
What is a breakout? Look, first understand
What is breakout? like for example
We drew a resistance. This is
Resistance. Ok? The price dropped from here
Was. This is resistance. Now from Resistance
The price made a straight breakout. So basically
Support Resistance is one, so how to trade
That you drew a resistance. One
Draw support. Price previous to support
The bar had gone up. So when you come to support
Price will give you confirmation
You can buy the demand there.
This is one way of approaching support
Resistance. Ok? Pay attention to this.
If you come to the second resistance
If you get confirmation then you can sell it.
This is one way. This is a basic way
Of trading support resistance. then his
comes after
If the resistance
There will be a break
So how do you get a breakout? You
You can take breakout trades. Support if
If break happens then you take break down trade
You can.
Ok? After that
If a fake breakout is formed near the resistance
So you can take trap entry.
Ok? Or if fake near resistance
If a breakout occurs, you
You can take entry on retest.
There is only one support resistance. How many
Ways to trade him.
That's why there are many
Traders Good Ones Who Always Speak
that if someone masters the support properly
You have done it, it is what it is in the market.
All about support and resistance okay
You have understood the basics, now understand breakout IP.
If you have come then in breakout we basically
We understand that if the support breaks, we
How will Pete plan resistance?
How do we plan if we break out?
We can also walk away looking like this every time
It will not only fall on resistance but will also break.
Several turns. Ok. So now there is still time to break
He fakes his turn. Many times it does real
Is. What is a fake breakout? whenever
There is some resistance. Let's take this for
Instance.
This is resistance. near the Resistance
The price broke out. Now here as many
People may have come up with this breakout trade.
Because we can see this resistance.
Here. Ok? Or even one of us above
Resistance is visible. Where is a line?
Here it is. This is what we see as resistance.
Ok? As soon as it broke out. Although
The candle was not closed. close down
Done. But there are many people in the candle
I saw that hey, there is a breakout. Breakout
Took the trade. Because the candle came this far
Was. The price must have been completely green. Last
It collapsed in a moment, suddenly and abruptly.
The sale moment is gone. how many people here
Trapped down in price? What
What would he have expected? The breakout came,
The breakout came, the breakout came, it didn't.
How can we understand this thing? there is
One way. And what are they? Understanding
Consolidation.
All things are interlinked with each other. Now
Can you hear the sound for a minute?
Now Consolidation Is Equals
Equals
Struggle
is the
Struggle of the sorry for the spelling
Mistake If I Do
So consolidation is a struggle of price okay
Now Struggle of Price Means
This doesn't make any sense. The price will fall,
will increase,
It will go sideways, this will happen, that will happen
Will go. This doesn't make any sense. Consolidation
Means struggle of price. That's it. Now this
Your understanding is that the same consolidation
Or you can call the behavior of struggle of price
How can you use it for your own benefit?
Like there is a race for example. Two
There are opponents.
Opponent A Opponent B
The person with A is absolutely fit. B ones
to the human being
There are breathing issues.
He gets out of breath very quickly. So
Meaning he is struggling. So if this one has a
will already know that the boss is
There are no breathing issues. struggle is
It happens while breathing.
So now its confidence is like this next
It is on the level.
Correct? And what do you think, who will win? A
Will Win. he will take the advantage of this
Information?
Hum I Hope It's Making Sense To You. So
Similarly, if we know someone's struggle
If it happens then we can take the advantage. Bus
That's all there is to it. This Is What Consolidation
Means. Very simple and very nice to make
Is. This is a very good thing. Now look at this
If
I will just tell you the method. There is resistance.
Price is consolidating at resistance
Is.
Now let's put the common sense together.
There is resistance. What was the resistance made for?
Has it happened? For the cell. Most in the Resistance
What is Likely? The price will go down.
The supply arrives. Why? Because past time
It appeared to me like this too. and of the same
References in We Do These Things. like now
It happened here.
Isn't it? Everything has. The good thing is that
That's why I don't prefer PDF and all.
It is fun to read live charts. So
I also enjoy it. and also learn
New Things.
My confidence also increases and anyway.
So this was resistance on resistance. These
There was resistance. How do we know here?
Why did the supply come? v We do not know that
The price kept falling from there. We have
This was just a reference point.
This will break right now. We have
This is the next reference point. Now we don't
I know that the price will fall there. But
Because we've seen the price drop from five.
Is. On that basis we can have the planning
No, yes it can fall from here. Bean cheese
I had curry here. Price dropped from there. Now
If resistance means certainty
The price drops from there. We have live proof
I also saw it. Ok? Now if common sense
Place it near the resistance
Price if you come
He is consolidating like this.
Now what does consolidation mean?
Struggle. So if the price is near the resistance
is struggling
So there can be two possibilities. first that
Struggling to get to the top
And secondly, he is struggling to come down.
For. I'm trying but can't come
Ok? Struggling to get up
If it is there then it is good for us. If we are real
If you are trying to breakout then go further down
If he's struggling to leave
also good for us because he's down
I am not able to go and what is the resistance?
It is there to make the price go
Down if the price is not going down
And if the price is struggling there
What if she breaks up after struggling?
will that mean
When it's a real breakout
Everything is Making Sense When We Are
Trying to connect the dots. That is why always
I tried to look for a real breakout.
Consolidation. If there is no consolidation, I
No direct breakout trades at resistance
takes. Then I try to trap every time
And most of the time it traps.
If you think to yourself, you have just changed your old
If you remember the trades, you must have seen
There is resistance, the price moves up.
You will think, hey, the breakout has arrived here now.
When you enter, a candle is created right there.
The price comes down completely many times
This must have happened to you the most probably
Probably reason there was that here
Price was no consolidation. of consolidation
After if there is build up then that's
A real break. This is how you identify
Real breakouts. Same thing goes for if
If the price is consolidated in this way
Breakdown taking then that's a real
Breakout. Ok? Now let's try to look
Trying to find some examples
Are. We have just seen an example
Right here.
Where did you go? It was on for 5 minutes. Right?
This was also a resistance. Considering these two
Points.
This was a resistance.
We had one touch point here, not exactly
Touch but kind of a little bit before here too.
say off came then we have another to this was
Has there been any resistance? Exactly?
Breakout came
But did he have any problems before the breakout?
Consolidation has happened, the answer is no
Such a good example of what consolidation would look like
of Consolidation
If consolidation is taking place below resistance
So is that a real breakout? No.
Resistance pay it has to consolidate. They
Struggle should be seen, not resistance.
Price is struggling. Now build up
He is living there. Ok? And the Same Thing Goes
For a support. Good resistance
An example is seen in the current trade. Ok?
It was a good reference point for us.
The Beauty of Live Charts.
Then let's try to see the
What you say? Support thing.
I guess there was a very good reference point.
In one hour. We saw it in the last class.
Why Was?
And when you put this together further,
Market Structure Say It Goes Like Wow.
This is also enough alone, this is also enough
butt
If you want to trade like an institution in
Quants work on confirmations
So you also have to put your time and
Analysis and Work on Confirmations
Not Able to Spot
Annie good point I guess let's try to look
These Nifty
Example of support in Nifty is like this
We will see many examples
[music]
And this is a good example of consolidation
this whole area this will give you an idea a
Good example of consolidation.
Ok? Ok? So near the support
If it is consolidating then it is good.
And this is also a kind of good example.
Not much. But if intraday
There is more perspective. 5 minutes
How much is it in the time frame? 1 2 3 4 5 6
Price consolidated in 6 hours
Near this area. near this support
Then What Happened?
That's a good move.
A little less in terms of one hour
There is consolidation. It is less in terms of swing.
But from intraday point of view it is good
Six Hours of Consolidation. it's good
Not swing from intraday point of view.
OK, let's try the look for some more.
And don't think that this thing will not work
These gold stocks are here at this price. I
I'm Not Teaching You the Stock Market and
Anything. I am teaching you to value it
Works Everywhere. Where the price is
It Works Gold, Silver
Everywhere. Okay anyways I guess we have seen
Let's see if something happens in Recent in 5 minutes
It looks like that. OK, that's great.
Great, we just saw our option. see
What happens? But this is support.
Isn't it? The current chart is of Nifty. Very
Nice.
Beauty of Life charts from Again I Will.
So we have a good consolidation and a very very
Very good one. Now should we trade after seeing this?
Will you take the short one? Know What We Will Wait
Is a confirmation. Annie Let's Say How We Go
Tomorrow If It Goes
Or by forming a dominance candle below it if it
Closer than it's a good shot. Also after this
We need to check if we have a room downstairs.
How much is it? Do we have enough room? so we have a
Support Here. How many points is our room worth?
Is it nearby?
Hey, there's only a 100 point room. Butt okay
Yes, it's fine.
If he reaches his liquidity point
And we have a support become resistance.
Resistance becomes support, then it may become 100
Target to get points. Ok? It's
Good. But again it depends on the risk now if
If it came with 50 points then it came with 100 points
There is no point. Ok
So this was a good example. Now
We will see what happens tomorrow. Ok?
Will be a great learning for you. It's
Going to be great. Now let's
We Understood What Fake Breakout Is Done
No, the real breakout is done, sorry, real
Breakout that those things were all real
Breakouts. Right Now in Fake Breakout
Again there is no consolidation. Price
Goes straight up. So don't fake breakouts.
There will be two types of things. First is let's
From Price right here it is like this end
The price has broken straight out. their will
B Two Types of Things. Number one if fake
If a breakout has occurred but there is no consolidation
You already know that yes boss this is fake.
What to do with fake breakouts? Avoid. V
Don't trade fake breakouts. and I don't
Take Any Trade on Fake Breakout. Ok?
Now two things will happen. First fake breakout
What will happen? It will go up a little. Complete from here
It will come straight down.
Means it's a fake breakout. Ok? As
Bitcoin charts just happened
In.
Okay, let's get back here. So,
A Good Understanding
Example of fake breakout that the price is moving up
Went.
Came down. What did we do? Avoid. We
Didn't do anything. What benefit did we get?
Stop loss was avoided. end market
In
Trust me this line, the more I
What do you call it as a trader?
There should be a lot of peace in the mind that something
He is not running away. Nothing is missing.
It's all cool. As long as you have money, you can make money.
You can. Our way to survive the market
It was going on even before we were born and our
It will continue even after death. So chill money
put and this is what connects to something
Money Saved Equals to Money Earned
If my stop loss is hit, I save $1000
If you avoid going here, it means $1000
It has become mine, take it with you. Ok? Now its
This does not mean that we should not trade at all.
Because you are a trader. You're Bound to Lose
Money Here. So if there's nothing on your mind
The analysis is such that you have knowledge of knowledge.
basis pay if you are able to save that's very
good it's money earn second thing this is the one
The second way we avoid is that the price here
It will not go above this, it will go very high
It was a fake breakout but the price moved from there
went too high
We don't have any control and it is in our hands
I regret it, oh [ __ ], take me dead.
should be taken
Here, two, this was a fake breakout. here
There has been no consolidation. But the price
It has gone too high. make a lot of money
go.
Don't regret. The price has gone up. Fine.
Now let it come down.
In this situation we take retest entries.
That first we have to move the market completely
Gave. We know that yes boss a big breakout is coming
Already happened. Price action has completely changed
Is. Completely buyer in the market
It has come under control. Now when he retests
I will come and take that entry. Now
What will help you out in the retest?
Will you do it? Again consolidation.
Because if the price goes up like this and goes straight to V
Shape recovery is coming and from L to U shape
Recovery is coming. V shape to bound in
It happens. If you are going straight like this and coming back then
This means that now if you are in such a situation
Retest
So you are gone. Even if the price goes up a bit from here
Move further down.
But if you will try to look for
Consolidation: Price has gone up but down
It is coming like this. Considering this, now
What does this mean? Price went up
Aggressive buyers took the price higher.
That's very good. The price is coming down.
Who is bringing it? Aggressive Sellers. But
Since price is consolidating a lot. Meaning
What is? Price is struggling
In coming down. So if something is to grow
I have no problem and I have trouble falling
It is happening and then if you are going to grow
What will it mean if I get entry? Then
He will not have any problem in growing again.
This is the easy understanding of how we
Take retest entries. Same logic applies
When your price is at support, let's say
And
This was a good example. If on support
There is a price, if the price falls and then
Later, if the price consolidates higher
is doing it, so when he returns to his same
will claim the support which is now
Resistance has been created. Support Become
Resistance, Resistance Becomes Support and Now
The price will fall from there. Wow it's a
Good entry for us. Ok? I last
The time was also shown. I remember a trade
It is mine. It was a swing trade. Yours
There are some great trades, you remember them.
They live. So, I'll just show you. it was
In Bank Nifty. It is a very old trade.
TRAI
Have this thing. Another such trade with this
Yes, I remember Silver. I have taken
Silver. That trade was on ETF. of silver
By looking at the chart with the marks. I will show you that
Reference also. I won't get it again. right now today
I was not able to find it even that day. speak again
It will be difficult.
Where Was It?
come on come on come on
Bank Nifty One Hour Time Frame
yup got it
Now if we put it like this
So You Will See
There is no consolidation here. No
Consolidation. The price went straight and I took the trade.
I did not take it at that time. It seemed that two
A breakout may give a good move. But
There was no consolidation. Ok? Price
How many points have you moved here? If above
If we look from here
It was 1700 points straight up, no consolidation
The breakout came and it increased by 1700 points.
It grew during the day
It Took Around
7 days took 28 times 1700 in a week
point and then the price falls from here
It started, now how much has it fallen?
It has fallen by 1100 points but in falling it
It took 10 days.
And if you will see the price go up and then
It started consolidating.
So it's a good retest entry. If I
If I put a line chart then it thing becomes
Clear for you.
We Turn Off All This.
Went up than consolidating. Same Thing We
Have to look for 5 minutes and 10 minutes
And all the things. it's very good
Example.
Ok? You can find such examples in cylinders.
Many will go. It's This Chart X A
No you simply right silver. Silver Rounds
You will get very good.
very good
Understanding of Symmetrical Triangles OK
Anyways
Nothing Price and Consolidation a No
Rocket Science So This Was
What you say is fake breakouts, so fake breakouts
First of all, you have to avoid it, but if there is a breakout
A very big one has come then we take retest
Entries only in consolidation. Now let's
Get into traps.
Let's go on traps.
If We Take Traps.
So Trap Is What?
Trap showing breakout at resistance
And bring everyone down. means to lay a trap
Almost like right? It Sounds Like That
That the breakout came and everyone took the trade
breakout breakout breakout from there
The price is down, everyone's loss was support.
It's broken, it's broken, the price will go down, everyone.
Short it, short it, short it, short the price
reverse
Means Trapped Here Trapped Here
Now I will tell you a realization that
I realized that the boss
Why means how I basically got to know
About Trap Trading and How I Landed
Here it is. I used to take tweets from support.
Ok? Enough of old things. Have become
It must have been five years. So before that
The thing is. I think it was around 9 189
of. So I used to take put trades. whenever
The trade was ongoing and a stop loss was placed. whenever
Took the trade and placed a stop loss. Most of the
Times. And repeatedly market no stop loss
It goes up only after applying it. Place a stop loss
Market reverse stop loss
Reverse. So I like it so extreme
I used to regret that I was in trade
I am planning. I am waiting to trade
So much for. Every time I
I think it will go in my favor. every time
Stop loss was not applied. But most of the
Time it was stop loss. And specifically 5
In minutes time frame. One Hour Pay Swing
It used to happen there too but Rs 500 was too much.
There is support, I took a trade and came here a little.
went down and my asset was debited because my
Do you want to maintain discipline or not, boss?
If it gets asset then I have to close it.
Vansh used to close the position, then reverse one
So there was a sorrow of placing stop loss on top.
And the sadness of what happened reversed
I didn't even get such a big move.
I came and I was right and I lost money too.
What did I do? I started doing the opposite.
I just gave it and there is nothing else in it, boss.
Draw support and resistance there
We will wait for the price to come. Trade
I will not take it at all. When the support breaks down
Will take the trade. No trade before that
Have to take it.
Then I don't need this liquidity.
I knew that okay, such institutions
They exist and operate. Large orders
The processes are like this. This Happens
Because of the liquidity because they have big
Orders. so if they if anybody wants jisko
Large orders need to be cleared. So first
If the price is here then buy it also
Will start. So because it is cheap
If you want to buy, the price will first go down.
His orders will be filled due to liquidity.
Say Then Will Go Up. It didn't happen like this
First. It was simple what you were doing
Do the opposite. Maybe money can be made. and then
What happened? Things Start to Change
It has started. I was like okay fine.
That's great then. So that's where kind of came from.
You know I've got realization. and us
Trapping has to be done there only. What do you do?
yes? You draw support.
You draw resistance. Whenever everything first
You don't have any entry. Ok? If You
R Trading Trap When Resistance is Broken
The moment resistance is broken,
After that you are still getting short entry
I go short support break ho gaya break
When getting long entry after
I Go Long
Later, I gained more confidence when
I understand the concept of liquidity.
I came and I understood it when I came to know
It turned out that order flows are like this, so they
I gained confidence that it's okay boss.
Because liquidity would be pending there
or there is plenty of liquidity
Support area pay and big players
To execute the order, the same
Liquidity has to be used to get
Into the Market
And what happens to the price because of that?
It is inevitable that it will go below support and
Then after that reverse because of the support
Went down. Now the big buying has been done.
Now there is no one left to sell it anymore.
Is. Then De starts going up. So how I
How to Basically Execute Until
I am not getting confirmation. Don't go with it.
It will not happen every time that the support you draw
Someone please do it. Let's See Some Trades Here BTC
Dotb. So Let's Say We Have
This is a very good example.
from lats from lats
Ok.
So let's say we have a good example. Ok? Now
This is the break. What it means to have a break
It's not just that you will take the trade.
This does not mean that liquidity will definitely come.
Will come. There was no majority zone. This means that
It is not that it has to happen. But you have to do this
Let's see when it happens then we enter. Because
In this we never pre-enter and
I still don't do pre-entry first.
Am. Like I did today in EMA.
I do it at EMA. But this liquidity
I never do it on concept until I have the
Confirmation. So what is confirmation? When
The price came down then I needed to have a
Dominance and a rejection confirmation.
Ok? And here there will be a special case.
I will tell you now. So
Where did we have entry?
Potential here. Ok? Letts C. it
Not a very good zone. by the way his
To get filled with liquidity. Because we
It seems that from here some price has increased a lot.
There has been no major movement. give this also here
The price has also become very consolidated.
He has been to. Not a lot of big moves
Have come. Such situations do not happen in such places.
Are.
In such places, something like here
Here from where already in the past Impulsive
The moves have come. And then the price didn't stop.
Is. Because how did such a big move happen here?
will be? There Must Be a Lot of Aggression
Bearers, big positions. Then the price went up
Is. Small positions will be given price
It will slowly go up. it will
Consolidate. Ok?
Ok. So, for example, this is fine.
To understand. Support Break from So Lets
Done. Break hone ke baad mein all u have
To do is wait for entry. Now enter into
Where did you get it? Is this the end of confusion?
Is there an entry? Do we take the trade? No.
After that again created confusion whether we
Do you take trades? No. then after that
There is rejection, but what is the cross on rejection?
Has it happened? No. Was there any entry? No. Then
I have created this dominance candle. Is this
But was there an entry? This is its high cross.
Yes, did you have a close entry here? Stop Loss
It worked. It's fine.
Second entry rejection pay was it entry?
Yes. Now, because this wasn't a very large area.
Strong. So You Will Get This Kind Of
Lame Price Behavior. But if it is strong
There are areas. Now let's try to see. and this
But we will come back soon. Ok? that it is like this
When can we do it? Or tell me first
I will tell you when can you do this. if my
The first is trade.
My stop loss was hit on the first trade.
Then I am getting entry again. I trade
I will take it. If this is my last trade,
I already have two stop losses.
Have been installed. And this is my third trade.
And my stop loss was hit in the third one also.
And now again the market is up by placing a stop loss
going. I will not take the trade. because
My daily limit has already been reached.
then over there
Discipline comes. Discipline Over
Catching moves. The market will move every time.
He will move every time. But discipline if one
The bar is broken, it's over. How You Do One
Things define how you do everything. Ok? So
If you can't be disciplined in one thing, you
Will Never Be Able to Discipline in Other Things
S. Well. So It's Sent for Us Too
Focus. Ok? Now Let's See
This would be very common in the Indian market.
Because in comparison to Bitcoin or
What you say?
Liquidity here compared to ForX
It is less. We're like, okay, let's try to see that.
Not a very strong breakout. market
The gap up has come straight down as soon as it opened. So
But a good example.
Hey, there was a trade in Nifty.
I took it in the Mumbai class.
Trade was taken at the airport. I see this
If I get it, I
Good example.
Is it April 7th here I was in the
market
A very good example and two
Relate with the no concept what is the thing now
I'll Just Show You
These 2023 ones when I and I used to
Create group is from then this I will just show
You
Hmm
It was April 7th, right?
Let me
Come on change
Change is not happening.
again does it mean anything hello yes it means nothing
Well, it doesn't mean much. But Again
Because these things happened in real life.
You will get some confidence. Let Me Try
to increase
this thing up
it's increasing now
So this is the April group by the way a
Second let me turn on brightness
So we are discussing I was discussing with
My students right you will see Monday above
It is written from 7th April, I don't know how much
It appears this is the 2023 batch and here you
Will be able to see what is written
Apart from joke nifty is closing edge
Rejection to Sell at the Bottom of the Market.
This could be a temporary bottom. This means this
What was it? First of all I said Happy Holi
Because I was short pay. I made a profit
It was big. I think it was may be 4.5 lakh
Something was made. So I Was Happy Ending
Happy Holi from me. Then I said that now
It's done. From here we will see a bottom.
This is a temporary bottom. Price from here
The reverse will happen. Ok? Now how am I
Could I tell you? or what was my
Understanding the Prices I
I taught you the same thing there was
liquidity
Phil so if this was a very strong zone. We
See here how the price behaved in the past
was doing and its by God's grace its
Because I also took some swings out of my plan.
Had done it. They were good because the price went up
If you know then it is obvious that you would know
I will definitely take a swing. so then what
Happened from here Price went up and then
When it went up, it first took up the whole zone
Take a break. It was a very good move. If we
See, the move was this zone from Until High
It was a move of 1800 points. Way Too Much For
Ban Nifi. Very small thing for bank nifi
Is. 1800 points is a 10% move. in Nifi
It is a very big thing. So it means that somewhere
It was very strong in the strongest zone.
Break below the price. Now if because
What is Nifty 50? It's the index
Of the top 50 companies. So people go to NFT 50
No, I am saying bye. But those stocks buy
Are doing. You must have bought Reliance. donation
Must have bought HDFC. Must have said bye to Tata.
You know Suzuki lot of things are there. Bye
And what will happen if you say goodbye to everyone?
If people will accumulate a lot
The index of the stock will be created here.
Average
So if someone has a large position at the dot level
We have to open it also, then the price will go down
The first one we saw, then it will go up to the
The Moment It Broke
Confirmation And Then It Shows Up April 7th
He I told them, then immediately waited upstairs
I did a little patience test again, this was
Not from 7, it was the best of the same day, sorry
It was the same day, where was the next day, April 8th?
This was April 7th, April 8th Market here
It was there, then up and even now, don't look at how many
Impulsive moves because there is no one here
Candle not visible Session Gap Session Gap
So This Was
It is a very good example and you have also seen it.
It doesn't matter right now, but the group
I will see you at the conference that
no yes okay it's good it's good
It Happens Actually It's Not Just in Worlds
Actually, it was their understanding
Same concept, so this was how we traded.
Trap, now what happened here, it was a trap.
How many people are here after this break?
Will you be shorted or not, the market?
So it is going down, the support has been broken.
Let's shorten the reverse, okay now, well, it
Work every time, of course, no but accuracy
It is very good because it is something strong
These are fundamental concepts. Why would this happen
Is? Because of the order flow. Order flow itself
They are like this. Ok? Now
Anything Else I Think It's Done. Explain
You Each and Everything About Support
Resistance. Let me recall if anything remains
It is there. Shot Here This
Or everything is done. Now keep this in mind
Don't be confused. If I ever do a video
You know, a video comes on Instagram, or
A video appears on YouTube. And if you
Hear me saying liquidity, liquidity that
This was a liquidity zone. In Ethereum
By the way, the same thing happens. Ethereum's Debt
I had told you. We had done the analysis earlier.
From now on. So
Weekly time frame pay it was there.
Because this is what I said in the video.
Said I use the word liquidity not trap
Word trap is the trading style and
Why does the trap happen? it is because of the
Liquidity Fill. So people can understand this way
Take the trade thinking it was a normal breakout
Are. Strong zones pay by key support.
Correct? And price because it is a strong zone.
Big positions will open there. large positions
Open then price is like to go down.
Then people get trapped there. So
Liquidity is the reason for the people to get
Trapped. If that understanding is there then that mistake will be there
Will not do. Same Thing Strong Support
Zone.
Big impulsive move. What happened? Price
He will come here. Now if you say goodbye to me
Are. I am here for 100 million rupees.
Want to buy Ethereum. 100 million 800
Crores of rupees. It won't happen immediately. Price
Will first go down. And then we will go up.
We had caught this entire move before.
Coming into this was waaaay good. $25,200
Was made in this particular trade. it's like
Good.
A team of ISP had also made a video of that.
I saw it two days ago. it was what
There was a video of me doing the holy fricken airball
In which I trade that she I told she get
Trade crypto. So She Was Like About
$000 than was progging not $25000 big
Explosion was there in a theme move its
You can also see the full breakdown here.
Will go. So because now you have the complete concept
If you know then it will be a very good
WizTrader.
So If You Go Live hasn't been on for a month
Video. I am not getting any time.
A Ethereum Ethereum Ethereum
Eth Eth Eth Here it is.
So this is the video. Now you won't see
The complete analysis is a reference for you.
The point will be that okay, it's fine. right now
I taught it. Ok. Butt trade coming
If it happens first, it will be fun. Then, with the move coming
Someone please tell me first. So this will teach you. Ok?
So this was a thing. Now if you have any
Questions You Can Ask and I Will Be the Logical One
Asking questions will be the same as asking questions
I will reply, I will ignore
John, don't worry, it will be here, okay, it will be
There
Thank you so much very very good words thank you
you so much john this to it is va good
ok a
Resistance is okay.
Very nice don I am so happy for you I
I'm so happy
I just realized how much almost it has
Been 1.5 Hours and Being Very Honest With
You. I am not feeling it at all
That it has been an hour and a half now. it almost
Feels like it may be 20-25 minutes
Will be. I honestly feel like this right now.
Used to be. And just the first time every time
It happens the thing. Can Fake Breakout Acne
After Consolidation, What Are the Chances Faked?
Breakout aker after it it can aker. it can
Aker out. And if it reaches your stop loss
Get Hits. Understand and Trading, Their
R to Type of Things. One is a fake loss,
One is a real loss. Fake Loss Is When You Are
Being very impulsive in nature and random
trades and doing anything like we
yesterday there was one guy rinku i guess if
I am not wrong Rinku, please join me
Rinku told you, Sir, I have lost.
I even drove for ₹2000 and got a little angry
It also happened to me that I came and said that I said
What concept does the blonde candle have on it?
Ok then I talked to her on WhatsApp.
So then there in the chat section in the application
I told you I am not you know that I
He didn't say anything there and I got angry.
I said why should I trade?
When you don't know you
You know how to move options.
You don't have the information why you are trading
If yes then you should say that Sir Blund is not
I took a trade on candle and lost ₹1500.
I took that trade because my
I felt that it would fall at that place, so I
Then where did the concept come from here?
Every time you feel like you've made a trade
So you trade on some random information.
Lia Doz R Fake Losses
You have a proper analysis, you have a set
You completely. Then after that the loss is coming
Is. That's a real loss. And the real loss is
Almost like you're running a business and
These are the salaries that you have to pay.
Ok? So it's like that. Then there is an
Way to Catch Real Breakouts If There Is None
Does Consolidation Happen? No.
Is consolidation necessary for a breakout?
For? Yes. Can Fake Breakouts Become Real
Breakouts? No.
Fake breakout becomes real breakout when
We See The Consolidation Happening and Its
Reaching the Price Again and Then It Gives the
It's a big state, like I just showed you.
Let me show you again in Bank Nifty so if
You'll see that at first it was kind of a fake
Breakout then price came down
A good deal of consolidation was given, then it was a
Very impulsive move I completed though the catch
I was not able to do it, I had gone out a little
butt out
If I had stopped, I would have made a huge profit. Something
But still I think it was 1 three or four
I had already reached something. Just yes, this
it is no more
How much?
There was a movement of about 2000 points till here.
2000 The Maybe I Came Here Somewhere
Was out sumvat here.
Who takes down the market, no one knows who
There is no there is no answer of who
No one knows what
Consolidated below OK resistance
below resistance below resistance
If the price breaks out of the C resistance
Price of
If the price of one zone is already
If he has come to consolidate, then it means that now he
If it breaks out, it will only go up to the resistance.
It will reach, right? Then you buy on resistance
Why would you do that?
It's not saying that it won't go up.
It's not making sense.
Still if you feel that yes it's making sense
Too you can take it. No problem.
Ah, How Support Became the Resistance and
Resistance becomes support. Why? because the
From People Lets
We have a resistance here.
Ok wait. Rest of you guys please raise your hands.
Ask your doubts quickly now. Ask Rez
Your hand. Ok.
Sachin raise your hand.
I'll just tell you this one time first.
How Resistance Becomes Support and
How is support resistance formed? what is
The logic behind it? Let's tell you my
Understanding.
So let's say we have a sorry I thought it.
O!
So let's say we have a resistance here.
Right? Right now, what people do on Resistance?
Lot of people short.
They try to short the market. Why?
Because he's looking at the price first.
The price has fallen from there. In short, when
Stop loss has been placed and the market is now up.
Now we have a confirmation about the price.
The change has just happened. So if we know the price
Already gone up. I can't do shorts anymore
can we try to find out the long
Entries. So what about this particular area?
It happens? Two things happen. Such big moves
Why do you come? or Why It Becomes a Good
Support. The first thing people short here
They have been getting confirmation
That now the price has changed.
So he gave his plan trades and second
thing is when
This happens, new people also come in that
The price had increased significantly and it did not come down again.
Already happened. Let's get in price correction then
Is. So this is an ideology they
Understanding of Price. we don't know
Exactly who is coming when but this is
Understanding the price and why this could
Be the Possible Reason Why It Happens
Trap Nitin, I have just banked so well
What was Nifty saying in Nifty
It was just me and him being trapped.
If you go long after breaking support
Getting entry and resistance break
If long entry is available after
That's trap alright show you again no worries
Here is the example
Long entry after support break
Short after end resistance is broken
Entry. That's Trap
To take a few questions. Ok? Be Very
Quick. If it is off topic then I will not
Answer. This will be the topic. I will answer.
Because whatever the topic is, we will discuss it further.
We are going to cover everything. Ok? So
Let's first see if you can hear any sound or not.
It is coming. I hope it's there. or Pankaj
Can you hear me?
Yes sir yes sir.
Hello not Audible. Let me see.
This output is installed on the MacBook itself.
Then why is there no sound coming from it?
Hello! Hello! Hello
Pankaj raises his hand again
Pankaj are you there now try to speak
Hello Sir, I can hear your voice
I can see him moving here outside
But I don't know why the sound is not coming.
seconds
Don't miss any classes. I do that once
I have been. I will, yes I know you can hear
Me. I can see it too. moving
The graph is visible. I Can See The Audio Move
doing. But I can't hear the sound
Is. Let me refresh for a minute. Let me
Maybe B is probably because of him. And
headphones
probably
Hello hello hello just a second na
Or Pankaj please speak
Hi
What is the output coming from I am putting it there
hmm yes or speak please
Sir, my question was about liquidity.
was sir
Hurry up, come on, speak
Sir, I mean there are too many candles here.
Hey, where has this Pankaj gone, please come back.
I can't arrange it, my hand moved away from here.
Hear you yes yes yes
There is a chart of
We said it again
This is the chart of Nifty, sir. This is the chart of Nifty.
Yes, yes
There are often gaps in the middle.
Which means where there is no liquidity
Meaning, you should not take trade there or else
Meaning they have to avoid it or else
There is too much downside to take trades
over there
To avoid but gap and liquidity
Nothing is making sense
Sir, like two days ago, I mean, there was a gap.
There was no liquidity above, then today it
Retested, meaning the market has gone up
Then I took an entry there today.
Eye Making ₹2000
Oh wow, what a great party
Yes sir, I have made it many times.
But what you mean is the one in the past, which I said in June.
If you have done trade analysis then I have to do it
26 trades were seen ranging from 12 to 18
Were.
Vai good.
And the confirmation trade I made was only
Bought only 510 which made a profit of 30400
Was.
very good. Well done. very nice. And I Am
Happy. The first thing is to listen to me
I liked that you said that from 26.
From that I realized how much you
I have worked hard on the chart. this is
What I Actually Say to Everyone. If your
Chart time is high on No One Can Beat You.
very good. Yes. So return the question
own. Yes.
And what strategy are you using?
Study is sir only you shape recovery and
26 trades were received on the rejection candle.
Very nice very nice.
Sir, my main question was like this today
From here, after the market came down, it went straight up.
Has gone.
We
So this candle which was made in 5 minutes, sir
Suddenly here, it will happen somewhere in 15 minutes.
There is no liquidity in this. somewhere 1 minute
I am not there. Never in 3 minutes
I avoided liquidity.
But this market is very high
No, there was liquidity in 15 minutes.
You are talking about this candle, right?
One minute sir.
Yes sir.
I saw this too because I also
I had seen it and my plan was to price it a little.
If it goes upstairs, I will take it. Then my pain
It started to get too much in the stomach.
I went and took the medicine and slept. But only then
What story did I put up that was the target today?
My solution is either I book a loss up to 500
I will do it. whether it is in profit or not
I will make it for at least ₹1.5 lakh. I will make
I will try this. I am not sad that I made
No, I made 50, but I was like, no, yes.
Okay, no problem, it happens. But if
Look, I am showing it to you right now. So these 5
Can you see the minute? Let's mark it.
Let's shift this in 15 minutes.
Look at the blind candle
So 5 minutes because I saw it myself.
This thing. I had it in my mind that
Just here the price has come down a bit.
The price has just gone up. And in the same move
The first aid I took was worth my money.
But I also made a quick exit.
Somewhere or the other, because of this, my
The exit was at 295. 265 per buy
My exit was at 295. Then Price went
Up to 330 here, but I wasn't that red.
Because I knew that the price was from there
The chances of reversal are very high.
It has just become blonde. Even in 5 minutes
There is confirmation. There is also confirmation in 15 and
At the end, that feeling also happened, but I traded
Couldn't take it. No problem.
Sir, like this means tomorrow the third candle which
No, why are you confused about this? You
I didn't see it properly then.
Sir, the confusion is that when we think about it for a minute
Let's look at the chart. Sometimes liquidity
If not, the chart would have come back immediately.
Yes sir. When we learned in class that 5
If you want to see a minute and if you want to see 15 minutes then you
Whose words did I say in 1 minute?
to do in?
Sir, I mean for confirmation
5:15 Confirmation was taken.
yes sir
Did you see it for 15 minutes?
No sir, it was visible in only one candle.
You didn't see it. I am able to understand
No? No, because if you had seen it then you would definitely
Would have been confident. Then you must take the trade
Here. But never mind. But this thing if
You remember I told you this before.
In the blonde candle class where I
Shown is a one-hour Nifty candle.
Was. Where I showed that in one hour
There was confirmation, confirmation even after 30 minutes
I was there, I was there in 15 and I was there in five. Now this
Golden blonde becomes absolutely golden
Candle as all have confirmation. But
What happens sometimes in some? Just five
It happens in 1, it does not happen in 15, it does not happen in 30,
There is no forest. So then there are only five
So this is also fine. But it's okay. Ok. Here
We had two confirmations. Ok?
Whenever you analyze.
I had one more question, sir.
1 minute will flip the eli. 5 Minute Illy Flip
Will not done. Yes sir.
Sir, this is the market of tomorrow, 2nd.
The third candle of Nifty has formed above which
There is also liquidity or a gap of 5 minutes in between
Pay sir.
Still the market is going down. But the meaning
Didn't go upstairs. I mean, tomorrow I think about this
This is what remains
This does not mean that the price will go up.
It will go or it will come down. to become a candle
Meaning, it is our understanding that we
How to plan and manage the market. This
There is a difference between the two.
Don't look at the price like this, just make it now
If it goes, the price will definitely go down. May it be so
If I go straight then why should I trade
I took how much for ₹00, 3 lakh
Margin of Rs 5 lakh was used today.
I would trade with ₹50 lakh straight away while the money
I have 20 lakhs lying around. those with money now
Understand it in the account.
You said that if a blonde candle is made now
So avoid it. So I called the Consolidation Zone
After this I took this trade in it. Blunt
If it becomes a candle, avoid it. But you are
Trying to say here that there candle made
Then the price did not go up from there and came down.
Did not come. That is what I am trying to
Teach you here.
OK sir.
Do you understand the point?
Didn't understand?
I understood sir.
Got it, right? If the candle has become blunt
Candle. Let's Say Let's Say We Have a Blunt
Candle here. This is also a blunt candle.
Ok? Let's see more before that. This is also a
This one was a blunt candle. Isn't this blunt?
430.20 430.20 Perfect. So right now this blunt
There was a candle. The price is going up from here.
Let's start our understanding here.
What will happen? This will happen. Price going up
Is. Ok? If my short entry is above
If I see you somewhere, I can plan for you.
Short. Then I will take the target till here.
I can. This could be a plan.
The second planning is that if and when the price
It will fill below and I will go long only then
I will do it. No long trades before that.
I will take it. Now a blunt candle has been formed here. And
Should I sit here or not now?
The price will definitely fall. I am short
I will do it. So I will invest all the money
Right at once
OK sir
So it's there to plan so that our chart
I can improve my accuracy and today C
How has this work been done in such a big way today?
Correct, it's okay and whenever you plan, always
Try to Look from All Perspectives 5 min
See if you ever see a blonde candle for 5 minutes
Look at 15 minutes, look at 1 hour, like
It wasn't on the one hour candle but it was on the 5:15 mark.
So I had some confidence in 30 minutes.
It would have been more fun but that was not there in 30 minutes.
It's only 5:15 but today no problem, no regrets
No, not at all, but yes, here
Most probably on this particular area
It must have been a very good move, there was a lot of spike.
It will happen and the expiry was also today at the last moment.
Pay to it must have good given good move but
or good you are going good okay no
Regrets Sudhanshu your question
Hello sir!
or speak quickly
Sir, my question was about blonde candle.
actually
If it is formed then it will be a green blonde candle, okay
No, not Audible.
The voice is not clear
Sir, you can hear the sound
So you said that if open equal to low
If it is made then it will be a green carrier, right?
You said let's wait, it would have a low break
or takes its liquidity then
Market We plan for the upside.
So my question is about the concept of U-turn.
You told me if there was a second candle in it
A green Brunt candle is forming
So you mark high and low in it and wherever
The market breaks and you enter there.
If the second candle is a green blunt candle
And by applying its low brake, one can go further down.
Has been. But trade in blunt candles
I will take it because it is a green blunt candle.
There is confusion as to whether the entry is there
How to do it.
Look back at the blunt candle. Blunt
Candle if the price remains at the open
So this means that the liquidity in it is down.
Pending and if the price goes down
Meaning, liquidity has been filled, this is good.
Short entry has happened, nothing to fear
This will happen when we have parallel candles
Made of and green color with a let
A blunt candle formed and this made us long
Entry is given. Now this setup is telling us
I want to go long but it is pending here.
There is liquidity. If you go long
Probably our price will go up a little.
SLAT can do it. The scary thing here
Is. It is not in Sh. Got it?
Did you understand?
Yes.
Yes. Because wherever the front end is built
It acts like a magnet. Made 15 today
What does it mean in minutes? it was
Kind of a magnet. By the way here too
It was there and it was here before this also. Here. So
This Was Kind of a Magnet Joe Price
If going up it will attract that
Come back, price and liquidity fill and
Then it does what ever it wants to do.
It is not necessary that the market goes up only then we
Will plan. You can also plan below.
Yes, what does parallel candle mean? Parallel
What does it mean that the market is currently this kind of
It has become indecisive. The big one hasn't even fallen yet
Is the control. If you find a down side here
There is pending liquidity then it is good.
It would be something to be afraid of. When the price goes up,
Pending liquidity down there meaning
We're messed up. Then you have to avoid it there.
Himanshu your question
Dirt. yes be happy yes
Sir, I have funds in my ITC right now of Rs 100
I have shares of Sir and T Motors 100 90
I have shares sir, what should I do, I don't have funds.
to trade
I can't do some advice on stocks.
I don't know anything about it, I don't
No, I cannot give advice to sell this.
Do it, do it, it's up to you, I can teach you
Price Here
You seem to have confidence in me.
I am getting good results in my charts.
Looking Then You Can Plan for a Trade
Do more until you gain confidence.
Practice is the Saying in Trading
You sweat the less you bleed not trading war
The same thing applies here as in
The more you practice, the more
You will sweat and you will give your charting time.
The actual loss will be less than what it is now.
Pankaj did 26 trades, viewed 26 times
Only five trades were received out of 26.
Mile him the better the more you sweat the less you
Bleed is fine
Hey rest if you feel confident until
Don't put any money until you have confidence
anything when you get confidence first your
What is the work, you practice on charts
You do it after practicing.
I had told you earlier that I had done back tests etc.
process then you do further testing then
You paper trade then you put real
ok alright
A
Keshav
Keshav also said how much he died last
Made my 14,000 by doing move 1 in an hour.
Very good Keshav. Now I Am I Don't Matter That
Made 14,000, made 20,000 or 14 lakh
Made. good thing that's very good
In Keshava, you have a risk reward of 1:6
Took. I am so happy about that. Vai Nice
Ok Vishal your question.
Hello yes.
Sir, I had a question. If the resistance
If liquidity is created on both sides from above
Yes sir, okay, then which way should I go sir?
How will both sides become the source of resistance?
doing
Both sides both sides means candle past
I have also made Sir Blonde Candle and right now
The candle she is currently making there too
If a blunt candle is made, which side should I be on?
I will take the position, sir.
If the blue candle formed in the past
Price will retest there, come then I will
Try to take entry and if current now
A blunt candle is forming, it is a breakout candle
then I will avoid
ok ok thank you sir Vishal your question
Huge
Vishal can you hear me
yes sir hello
Yes
Sir, good evening Sir
Good evening, quick question quickly
Sir, my question was that the one who burst
We support the retracement tool.
Resistance Scale
Don't know
They will learn further, they will learn further for confirmation.
You can use it for this, you already know
So you already have a fine recording.
Preflex You can see that for now it
Can work very well as a confirmation you
You can do it only if you trade the fifth
It but now I will not hit more beyond this
Okay, that's what we're going to cover anyway.
Shreyas in class your question sir
Not Audible Not Audible
Sir
Hello not audible sound is vibrating
Very please fix your mic Rajendra your
Question
Hello sir
Hello
Sir, today I made this above.
The candle is made
what does the other say
Confusion
Confusion Candle
I took a trade here for ₹17.10 paise
Pay
And that's my SL hit there 14
After that it means I don't gain confidence.
Found.
Entry Kiss Confusion Candle Pe Entry
Where do we take it?
Sir, what was actually in the confusion?
The RSI had probably moved up.
I told you not to come.
So yes, you did not tell me. I I see
I am more
Good
See
So I will tell you. Yes yes tell me first.
My psychology is not working there.
Because whenever he came down completely, then he
Closed at 94. I told you something earlier
It was noted. This is unless you know psychology.
No, you won't work, this is not work at all.
It will not work at all.
That's 70% of trading. 70% as much as we
I have just learnt it, may be I will tell you one
Thing. I will tell you one thing. One more thing.
I don't know right now whether this thing will happen.
It will not go to YouTube. I don't know. But
If he goes, all the people who see him will say
Wow, what an amazing class, that comment.
I know I will do this and they will feel like wow
My third one opened today but this is
Just 30% yes, even after learning all this, there are chances
Are high that people can lose until they
Fix Their Psychology
Okay sir, today I also saw the chart of HDFC.
Okay sir, I looked up there as well.
Rejection candle five minutes
Tell me this first, tell me this first
Complete this one, yes?
What happened in this, I mean my
I left from there with ₹15. His
Later I bought it again at the same place for ₹1.10.
Took a trade. I said let's see now.
Are. My psychology then work there
I did not do it. I left again at ₹1 because
I had that much capital. 1500 15
It was ₹1600. So what? what do I do after that
I see the market continuing to fall.
It keeps happening because I have this morning
my three
God, why did I close the trade? Yes
Yes sir, I got a trade this morning.
In that almost ₹1500 had become ₹000.
It was as if a sudden spike had come there
So after that I lost that 1500 again
Gave
You carefully
Now listen carefully to me, the first thing you
The trade was taken after seeing the confusion in the candle
If we trade in the confusion candle first
If you don't take green then it is even more confusing.
I didn't want to take it, but even if I did,
If you have taken it then you have to take cross entry here.
Should have. Cross Entry Here Stop Loss
If seen setup wise, what kind of money is it?
became. You are using your setup.
I don't have any problem. I am not this
I am saying that I am God, as if I am saying
Yes, that will happen. There are people who depend
I am using it. They are making money. RSI
It is good. You should take proper RSI
It is understanding, it is strategy based,
It is back tested. Returns are being made on it
They are yours. Confidence is coming, take the trade,
There is no issue. If you feel that
If he is better then the psychology part is good.
See from there. I will teach you each and
Everything. After that work on that.
Technically, whatever you mentioned here, there is no
There was no entry. Your Just a Kind of Little
You can speak here. Jumped in quickly now
In the market. Things got a little impulsive
Regarding Ok? Just though your
The plan was the same if seen direction wise
What you thought happened, no, the price is from here.
May fall. I am also here in this
How much does RSI cost in a particular area?
Tha Exactly Yours Let me see it once
May be RSI will be around how much it was
The fine over was not exactly sold but it's fine
RSI was at a bit higher and should have come
We can call it a neutral state. 70
The world follows me, I don't follow 70 I
Follow 80 so it was like it peaked a little bit at 70
Above 70 to 75 it's good. Well if
RSI is around 75 to 76 from late to close
To 80 it's good. And if you remember,
No, have you seen the podcast? by Peter Tuckman
Same thing was said 80 20 and from there I got more
Confidence came because I was already 80
Use 20. I used 50, 30 and 70 also.
I have done it. But then I realized that my friend is 80 20
It is much better. Ok? And then when
He said I am gaining confidence.
I said, friend, this is such an experienced man, 40
Even he, a 42 year old, is saying this. Who
I am using it, it's good. Then don't
Use often, but sometimes. When nothing is found
If I were alive, I would have seen it once. It is like that.
Ok. Image your question.
The third one opened.
This will happen because if the baby goes now
People will think, oh wow, what
This is amazing. But again, that's just a,
Not
This is obviously an important thing. This will
This will help you to get good reds. But
70% is psychology. Himanshu your question
Quick
No Output
Lovepreet your question.
So I said
Lovepreet's voice is coming.
Hello sir, can you hear me?
The sound is coming. When is my gift coming?
Tell.
Gift when you say just to say thank you. To
I had raised my hand. the rest
There is no question. All clear
Hey hey most welcome. I am so happy for
You. Meaning you won't believe it.
Looks like I got the $000 you made.
I am feeling so happy.
No no thank you sir. so much thank you so
Mach. Thank you
Krnal Your Question.
Audible Ali Sahab your question.
I am audible.
Yes you're audible.
Sir, I bought gold today.
It was planned today. And this is what sir says in Nifty.
I also traded on this on few candles right now.
Had planned it. And sir, on both of them
I had a risk reward of 1:3.
Sir, I have my personal strategy on this.
It was used.
And Sir, whatever you did in Gold, Sir, you did it.
Whatever he has been taught so far
So I think gold in sir there
Liquidity was the hunt area. after that first
I did not get entry into the same zone.
But when the price went up again, I
Cross entry found. Then I entered
Because cross entry was available earlier
I did not get it. The reward in that is 1:3
It was only there.
And when Sir went again, he went till 1:10.
Sir.
Ok. Very good. And earlier when you
Overall, stop loss was avoided. Right?
Yes sir. Yes sir.
It's nice, it's nice. That's Why
Cross entry is variant. Confirmation received
Then take the trade comfortably. Good. So happy.
Both trades 1 3 correct.
Thank you sir. Yes sir.
Both of them went till 1:10. One Thing One More
Thing I Want to Know. which went up to 1:10 you
So you should go out on three or trail
What did you do after that?
No sir, I came out at three only.
Because now my earlier psychology
If it was disturbed then my 1:3 should be fixed.
We just took it.
Ok. Ok. Ok. It's good. It's
Good. What to do next? When these 1 3 mill
You should go because now you will get it.
Rewards. Ok. What should you do?
Like what do I do? 1 3 found.
After three, book 50%.
And trail 50% to break even.
OK sir. The situation you described, sir.
Yes Win Win Situation Now What If 50%
If you have done the trail and booked 50% then
This means that you have taken a risk of 1.5%.
I have taken the reward of Rs 1500 instead of Rs 1000.
have passed our
So even if the market goes down,
We got at least 1500 of ours.
There is still profit.
Secondly, if this does not happen then you will see 1:10 now.
You could have got a reward of Rs. 1000 or even Rs. 6000.
Could have done. third
Because we got a trade of 1:3 Ah
Later everyone can use it for trailing.
Can. After getting three we booked 50%
It has been done and we have left 50%. So now
This means that if I take such a trade
I have been. This is my stop loss. Even
That's my target. Near such a big market
There is also breathing space. So soon your
SL will not even hit.
If there has to be a hit, then the whole thing will go down.
Will go away. Else you then some space
will get. market fluctuating slightly
I may give you a reward of 10, 20 or 68.
Do it next time. All the best. Ok.
ok sir thank you sir
you are welcome or
Sachin your question
me
can you hear me
or I Can Hear You
Great thank you so my question is I
I rarely take swing trades since I work
And I also sent in chat that my PST
I'm still working
Calls go live multiple times between meetings
The class is going on but I leave it.
I go to my meeting and then come back here
So one concern is that the record there
No
Dedication a little bit for dedication yes
please continue
So after that in the morning I again do the whole thing
I watch the recording because generally this
Live Class I Do in Bits Not All in One
together
Due to but or my question i generally take
Swing Trade So I Do Weekly and Daily
Analysis on stocks so my question is that
I take the trade right. I know when
Which entry to take on a breakout
Whatever you are teaching I am
Implementing. So accuracy improved but
I took a small trade today.
The market went down and I exited.
Because I'm My Tendency to Look 15
Minute One Hour Candle Again And Again. So somewhere
I don't get a short signal anywhere.
Then I exit. then a little
I'll see after a while, friend, he's gone again.
Above. So because of this I swing big mean
I am unable to capture it. Just because that
It seems like it's gone as far as it gets.
Will go. so let's take a little so how to
Control this key if I have taken trade in.
one hour so how to stick in one hour it is
Tendency Since Last Call I Told You
That I have been in loss to option trading
And all that then I switch to swing and
It's manageable for your job, I told you.
Not that I think if I am not wrong that you
Should stick to swing only don't go option
Don't go to intraday and all
Right
So what you can do is I will tell
you what you can do is the first thing is that
Swing means only then we can create swing class
If it has not happened then you will understand
Everything, but for now, understand that you swing
I don't when you already know that if
Deceit trade means you are in profit
If it comes, it will take at least three
days sometimes four days sometimes one week so
If Your Preplan for a Trade Is for Seven
days six days a five days sometimes 15 days
Then what is the point of looking 5 min 15
Minute you are not an intraday trader then there
There is no point, you should set it in your mind like this
It is a total waste of your energy.
Time Your Brain Energy Because When You Low
You look at the time frame and you put energy
And you get a little frustrated when the SL is hit.
Then the market went up, so it again
Creates a lot of you no problems in head
There Is No Point of Looking 15 min 5
minute and 1 minute if you swing trade
If you are doing this then it means you won't believe it.
My trade is ongoing.
What is happening in One Hour in the I Dot?
If you ask me, I don't know. in four hours
What is happening? I don't know. in 15 minutes
What don't know. Ask me in the weekly
What is happening? I know. Dominance Candle
I have made it and given confirmation. I'm in Daily
Ask me. I know. The price had fallen. Back
to reverse it has form a parallel
Candle. You can check it now.
This is why I am telling you this
Experience? Because it is still running trade
Is. You will relate and the second thing is there
Is since it's a swing trade. My
What is the plan? I'm going to hold that
Coin. I will see on the basis of the chart also.
The rest of I Have the Assumption to Hold It For
At least three to four months. Now my plan is
It is of 120 days. what will i do in 4 hours
After seeing me in a day? My Plan
Is to see in weekly, monthly, daily that's it.
There is no need to look below it. Same Thing You
Do.
I did this in silver
Had done. There I did 10%. But what
Happened? I thought in silver that let's
It will not be zero. It's silver but I
I get scared in stocks whether or not this
went down
The thing is, I am scared of stocks and I am scared of silver.
I also sit and chill
In silver when I go now that's my last
The question was, it was around Rs 1 crore.
I took 20 lakhs in Angel and it was
Was mixed in other demat accounts
I can put ₹1 crore in silver right now.
So I have so much confidence, but if you say that
No, Sam Sir, you would have found such a good stock.
Yes, you put ₹1 crore in it.
I can't put
Because stock is something that I
I will place a stop loss. I will be sleeping with you tomorrow.
The news will come at night. He will know in the morning
The stock is opening down 30%. right now in shock
I cannot book such a loss. internally
The thing is. But There Is No Point of Looking 15
Minute One 5 minutes.
No point. Because your plan is 5 six
It's from Days. Or it is of seven days. Ok.
Generally I take a loss of 5%. 5%
If I come, I will exit. It's too much.
It's too much.
It's a Rule of Swing That You Should Not
Its 1% of intraday
It's two to 3% of the end swing
So let me tell you the capital now.
What plan did I make that like 1 lakh
I told you in the last call that
I have 1 lakh. This allows me to swing
I will go back. So I divided that 1 lakh into 20
Separated them. From 80000 I made four
Divided that but trade I will take
20000 position only and loss of 5% on that
If I take it, it will only cost Rs 1000. means which is
10% 1% of the capital. So I swing whatever
I am taking a trade of only Rs 20,000.
I put the capital. Apart from that, add
Doesn't add extra.
So it's like if that 5% is coming then which
This means there will be a loss of Rs 1000 only. If profit
If it happens then my target will also be 9 or 10%.
Used to be. 1 I think let's get 1 or 2.
For Now I'm Just Working on Psychology
That there should be some profit which was bad last year
It has happened. Just Need to Build on Swing That
I will tell you I tell you one more thing that
In Swing We Actually Don't Take 1 1
In swing we enter into positions like where
But can we see a little or not?
Yes, we have a lot of rewards here.
More will be made. There are scenarios where
1:1 One's profit is being made. And now we
Have Certain News or Certain Price
Action developing that now it will go down so
Now that's the time we close it. Ok? 1 forest
Me too, but when we plan target wise
If so, we see it as a 1:34 target in this
Is it there or not? If that is the maximum target
His is 1:1. Not interested in that trade
Not Interested
Usefully, I can only buy after a breakout of the 52 week high.
I take stock mostly so that but in the same
I feel scared. Then he starts coming down
Is. Then I will tell you how to plan it.
I plan is basically okay and I also
I will tell you that you are exactly very small.
Money control fees are and how you
Can get stock from SEBI registered cow
So what is the SEBI registered person doing now?
The stock has been searched and he has searched for the stock
I told you okay
You also have knowledge, now you can share your knowledge.
If you want to stock, then say 10 stocks.
Out of these, you will get cream in three of four stocks.
that make big moves
okay so I will sheesh you don't worry okay
Thank you sir, this recording is fixed.
Do it because I am highly dependent on
It's there, it's late, it's late, it's there
The team is engaged and they will fix it
Because in today's class I did half
I have seen it, then why am I seeing it only on ANA?
I have reached the last I missed
I guess this will most likely be something
If there was no issue then I don't know why
It has not happened, has the issue happened?
But I'm really enjoying and just
Helping Psychology and Just Getting Back
in game thank you so much all the best
Shubham your question
Shubham can you hear me
Not Audible Proven Your Question
Hi Sir, the sound is coming
Sir, I will see it tomorrow, yes, okay, no problem.
Sir, my simple question was like this
I am currently doing intraday in O.
In that sir as I resistance and
If I am taking a trade on support then we
What other confirmations do people make besides candles?
can see
Price Behavior Consolidation That Is First
Thing
Yes Consolidation's Base We Get to Know
that weather it will break out or else it will
Break down.
Sir but not so consolidated in intraday
I will do it like I used to for 15 more minutes
It does now look at this nifty eye will show you
Nifty, the market has just closed.
If the market was running, Nifty would have been in 5 minutes.
Intraday is the time frame for entry.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Almost an hour
Consolidated. Now if live market
If this had happened, the market would have closed here, but
If it was a live market then this breakdown
He would have given a very good shot
So it does intraday me what intraday me
What You Do Is Primarily Focused On
Traps This Is What I Do
specifically
Okay, okay, so let him consolidate a little bit.
Wait for that term or a little more
Give in addition to candles
Yes, yes, and traps, traps, traps are the
The Most Important Thing
okay and besides I do I do time
Frame Confluence Next to Being Basic
I'll tell you later, okay?
ok ok
take thank you thank you
Time Frame Confluence Is Working Good
For me specifically in options then I will
Teach you that yes parth your question
Parth
Or I Actually Want to Like How We Do
Confirm If It's Trap and Fake Break
Breakout I mean you said that with the fake
Breakout When We Don't Have Consolidation If
It Breaks the Support and Resistance We Know
That It's a Freak Breakout, But How Do We Know?
About the Trap
There is no I will say just like we have
To Look for Lots of Big Price Action Happening
In Fake Breakout, Real Breakout Trap Is
Just Nothing Simply Price Goes Up Gives You
A Short Entry Short
Price Goes Down Gives You a Long Entry
Long Simple Got It
Understood
Not Still Confused Actually OK
Let's say a support
Price Went Down Nothing You're Just Chilling
The Moment You Saw
A Green Dominance
The support has just been broken. You Saw Green
dominance and a green rejection which is
Primarily we use for long entries
Then next candle high cross I am in
Here this is my stop loss and that's a
Trap Entry Simple
Same goes for resistance okay
Entries only in Rejections and Dominance
Dominance is clear in itself.
Rejection Mein We Have To See Range Also That
A very small candle like this one is a very good one.
Rejection in terms of range correct.
If this candle, if we will compare it with
Let's say let's try to find out some
Small candle with this rejection. So even two
This Rejection Is Green Itself
Not Good Right Because Of The Range. so we have
To Look for the Range and Candle Has to Be
Green. Ok?
Ok. and also like normally how we do
Find These Stocks? like do you have any
Like the How Do We Normally Find This?
For intraday? For intraday? choose your
Favorite Five Stocks and It Has to Be the
Part of Nifty 50 so that's exactly in that
No big news came from there. And it has
Enough liquidity.
Ok? And then repetitions. so some people use
Five Stocks I Basically Look Not Only At
Five also. I I have like I have Tata
Motors, I have SBI, I have Reliance, I
Have HDFC These Four Stocks. That's it.
Apart from that I don't look if I
If you want to see intraday then I will look into
Dec. There are multiple ways to swing
To Find Out Stocks.
Ok? Because it's all about intraday
Muscle memory. So you need to be working on the
Same Thing Again and Again So That You
Understand the Price Well. ok Shubham your
Question.
Hi Sir, it is great to meet you and read this.
And this is the first time I am meeting you. Meaning
I am talking.
Sir, I started trading in 2022.
I have also done chart analysis many times Sir Loss
It has also happened but the rest of your dominance
candle and rejection candle after reading this
Many people understand what it means
Now brother, this risk and reward ratio has to be done.
I never worked at
Ahead
70% and that's 70% off trading
Yes sir
Thank you sir
or welcome your welcome
Prashant says your energy is on fire thank you
U Prashant I am energetic today I will tell
Now at last you will get the secret of energy.
I will tell you there is one secret to the energy
Lastly Sachin your question
Why Do You Do Futures When You Can't Do
Option Selling in Crypto I Don't Like
Option selling in futures is not for me
Have to study. My option buying stock
Because momentum is high in the market
If yes then I am good at that. came in addition to
Don't do it. If I have the option of future
Why will I go for options where I pay
Have a will say what a good
Probability of losing funds suddenly. because
The contract expires with a big spike
Done. So I will lose that fund. Futures
In It's Manageable. Ok? Dimple Your
Sir, you took a trade in Nifty today.
This is what was done with the higher strike price.
had sold and
No Sale Only Buy By and Hedge
So it was it was 23 25300 ka I guess it
Was a call and then it was 24900 for ₹24
put hedge
put hedge ok
hedge
I thought that buy and sell both
no no no I don't sell I don't sell
It's Not Good Selling Is Good But It
Doesn't match with my psychology cell set?
Then I like to do futures.
I buy futures, that too by hatching
Priyanshu your question
Yes sir my question sir is that Nifty
which in
Daily frame, we look at one day's time frame.
I looked and saw that it was a bearish candle and one hour
If we look at the time frame of
It is a bearish candle and here
The one that is being consolidated here right now
If it is here then sell it to us here
Should I do it or should I say goodbye?
If both daily and one hour rainy then I
Will look for bearish entries.
I will not look for long. As long as he daily
Confirmation does not last long.
Like for tomorrow my plan will be to go
For a sale first. If something is very strong
If I get long then I might take it or
If you reach a very strong zone
Else probability will be high for sale.
So sir, if we look at longing here
So what can we look at and then long here?
Are? When you yourself are telling me that daily
And if he is long then why would he go long
Here? If we consider higher time frames
If you work by taking reference then only 5
If you want to use a minute, we have a support.
Here. Now you will get a long entry here.
Will take a long.
So sir, if the support is not broken
So I asked for other conditions.
If the support does not break then give there
There should be a long entry.
Dominance and rejection with cross entry.
Like whatever dominance here, if
Let's say if I see
Now dot on support so some kind of entry
Couldn't find it. A little before the support
Entry is received here with stop loss
It has started. Which one was this fine entry?
and there is only one correct entry but
In which SL has been applied. But he supports
Was above. It has to either hit support and
It should be built close to the support. So that
We know that yes, this is done by filling the entire liquidity.
Price is leaving. If it is made directly above
Probability will give high SL only.
Ok. So here liquidity will fill the system.
We can look for long ones.
Ok ok sir. Thank you sir.
Just for 5 minutes.
Done.
Such a one thing. Rishabh. No doubt for now but
Need to share one thing with you. 18,000 losses
Total in Options in Equity 48,000 Profit
Total 30K profit so far
I am happy since I started
So soon, I got the chance, all the losses should be covered.
will go and will do great in future and your
Teachings your blessings. Thank you. Thank you
You so much Rishabh. I am there with you. Now you
Here you will find another understanding.
Needed You lost Rs 18,000 in options
Get it done. Make a profit of Rs 48,000 in equity
So leave the option. Work only in equity
do it. Rishabh, are you in the class or not? R
You there? He is left and what? He is
Left. No, he is there. Let me see. Rishabh
Are you there? No, he is there, he is
There. Rishabh, raise your hand quickly.
Quickly. Yes or Rishabh. on which options
Did you make the trade?
Sir, I am actually my boyfriend.
Yes, yes.
Sir, I actually lived here a long time ago, I mean a year ago.
I had already given up on this option. So
Only after that I am doing this cash thing.
Am. I am doing swing trade normally.
So I am not giving up on that option right now.
Am. So I'll tell you in the last class.
I said I would only do this swing.
And in crypto because I have office
There will be time later.
I will do intraday in crypto. Wone's
Baad means after learning. Ok.
I have only about 20 liquid funds.
I have invested because from there
I will start with 10% of that crypto.
For. So that's fine. Right.
Done. So the good thing is that you got it very cheap.
I have learned my lesson that I
You don't have to go into options and you can just go to the overall
Be in profit. That is the biggest thing.
Ok? could you find your path very early
Only do swing. Ok?
Aman Abhi Ask Your Question
Your Hand Somer Your Question
Hi Sir, hello
Sir I want to ask you one thing as you have given dot
I explained the concept of liquidity like
He had good liquidity, you had $
It's been around and it's going up.
Just like other coins, can we mean
As you have said the entry in such a way that
You have to take such other coins which you
Sir, we have seen whatever we could study further.
Sir, I have seen Dot for a long time.
Light
and any other coins that you know of that I
Let me take a look because that's the chart, right?
The more I see, the more
My very old house in the compound
I got the entry in 2024 or 3, I got the same
thing happened in that you will see such trend line
It will look like this and that trend line on it has
Fill liquidity so like this like this
The trend line will be visible then the price has come like this
Third time pe price break kara hai given the
Liquidity and then it has come very good
The price moved 200% higher from there.
Then
And the same thing had happened, yes it was I
He said that whatever had to happen has happened now.
And I shared that thing when he was there.
Time pe I was also into the trade and
then you will find the same kind of thing in
LINK LINK was then $4 and then liquidity
Fill than $4 it went to $15 this I
shared from
OK in the mid or $24 starting
Okay, there is someone live who just likes you.
The current is in the mind by searching
I have three positions, dot back and etc.
Sorry sir!
Dot Beck and Ethereum Classic, these three
Crypto is live now
And what will be our target sir?
Mostly
His next resistance
Then from here 168% That Is What I Am
Having a Target Off
Ok sir
Here it is, 168% from where it is.
or welcome or but one more thing is if
I am taking his target of one 16.
I. So from here if it goes down let's say
20 30% I'm Going to Still Be In
Position. I have planned my position that way.
It has been done. Ok. So That I Will Stay Game
In the game for long. Rohit your question
Rohit can you hear me? No huge your
No Shreyas
Sir Able to hear me?
Ok sir last time I think the issue happened
So Sir, I am still following what you taught me.
I mean, I am following it daily.
This is how I see the charts during my office hours.
I get time in Bank Nifty
Sir, there was pending liquidity which happened yesterday also.
It was at 230 and after that it was there today also, I saw it
It was filled in 15 minutes today.
I observed that the day before yesterday.
Sir 57 57 200 from there
There was consolidation in the price due to which it went down
By breaking the support support. So that
Also I looked it and I got like one more
Then three ratio was found there.
It's nice, it's nice.
So I'm not taking a trade, but I am
Looking it. I'm placing the long end
Short End
They are trades.
Don't Hook Yourself Hook Your Mind in Money
Terms.
Yes. I now I learn that from watching
Your old videos and now that this is me just
I will talk about the percentage that these things happen
Has been.
First thing talk in percentage. Second Thing
Your Work as a Trader Is Not to Make Money
Is to execute good trade. Money is by
Product.
Correct. Correct. Sir.
Of course money is important. Money is ours
There is preference. We are doing this for money only
But it's a by-product. The main focus is on
Executing Good Trades.
OK sir. Yes. And one question was that Sir, when
We're faking a breakout. You said that
He doesn't have to trade at all. anyway
Have to avoid it. But if the price is too high
has gone too high
And it is coming down sharper than we are
Not taking any entry. But if it is
Consolidating the price is consolidating
And then it is trying to go up by
Taking at a support then only we will look
For a Long We Will Not Take a Short
Entry
Even We Have a Dominance and a Rejection Right
Absolutely Absolutely Absolutely
ok sir that was the doubt thank you so much
also there there one more thing one one thread
You can attach to this is that let's say we have
A Resistance I'll Just Explain You In
Chart from So Let's
Let's say we have a resistance here.
All right. And from here to here fake breakout
The price of Ho went up. And there was
Another resistance here.
Right now since it's a fake breakout. I know
Support resistance also. Now he throws
The breakout was so large that it
Reaching your next resistance
Has reached. Now if you enter here
I will get it, I will be more interested.
Why? Because I already know that this is a breakout
This is what is fake. Most probably what
will be? This can give a reverse V shape. So now
Since he has reached, then I can put my
Treat. If this is normal, some resistance
etc. then simply I will wait
If the resistance comes after retesting then give
I'll take an tree. Come straight here after getting relief.
I am avoiding it. I am not doing any
Anything. Wait for the Price Action to Change
and Form New Things. ok abhiranjan your
You are welcome Mr.
You are audible. Prabhat Your Question
Sir, good evening sir.
Good evening
Sir. Thank you sir.
Sir, what about that recording of the recording?
Sir, after watching the class, support and
I earned ₹12,000 sir from Resistance
Yes sir. What is the matter. What is the matter. Very
Excellent. So what was the risk you took?
To make 12,000?
No sir, I did that from option sir option
It doesn't come to my mind.
So Sir, who
It's great
It's great. Do equity only in options
Don't even go. Skip the options lecture.
Give it from here.
So sir four four he met him sir he
What did you say sir? I don't remember
Used to be
Not him sir, trend line sir, that
No sir, that fee is replacement, right sir?
Yes sir, in that you had told 0.6 and
0.5 K
inside sir ji sir yes yes
Yes sir, I have chosen my stock and
What after that sir, he should take it but sir I have a doubt
Sir, I have a doubt regarding the fair value gap.
Sir, there is a lot of confusion in my mind.
We haven't studied the fair value gap yet.
Depend on it and you push, no one else but us
No sir, what it is is that sir that farewell gap
Sir, what is the actual time frame sir?
Sir what is the base time frame?
One Hour
one hour sir
You can also use five minutes for entry
for the rest one hour pay box very well then
Fair value gap becomes inducement zone
The order blocks are done, all this is done in one hour.
They work very well
Yes yes sir
Yes sir, thank you sir, love you sir
Love you too love you too morning tell me
So that 12,000 you made when in stock
If you have taken the trade then your risk in it
How involved was he? It was 2000, it was 3000,
It was 5000, it was 1000. How much was it?
No sir, I bought that in three stocks.
I bought a head worth Rs 1000.
Sir, out of three stocks, one is worth Rs 1000 and the other is worth Rs 4000.
Something Sir, I had targeted three stocks that
If it is 4000 then it will go up and I will
There will be no problem.
So, it means that you have covered your total risk.
In three stocks it was worth Rs. 3000 and Rs. 3000
In return you got Rs 12,000. Correct.
Yes yes sir. Well done very good very well
Trades Vai Nice So Happy All The Best
You are welcome or cancel your question
Krunal can you hear me
Aditya your question
Sir I only trade on gold so in that sir
If I find support and resistance marks
I have to study for the next one.
Day. So the last two weeks to four weeks
How much time will it take to reach major levels?
should be marked?
Current only don't go for weeks weeks back.
Because Sir, today's strong place is where he
He fell and took support from us
That was the level of a week 10 days ago.
don't do that
So I will just tell you. Look, we are doing this
the head in front
What Happens Is Let's Say
Now!
And I do this for an hour, sir.
Yes, I spent one hour, that's why I got first
We had this strong support, okay?
After this we have next
Strong support is not here and here
There is also pending liquidity, keep this in mind
Now if there is a fair value gap somewhere between these
is or is there anything
So we can say that no, yes there is no one here.
Entry can be made now honestly here
There is no logic to trade
or someone
How do I identify this, sir? This which
The Big Red Candle has come and from where it
I have taken support to identify it.
There may be some way to do it. C
And that is6
I saw your old class, right?
You have the recording
No sir, I missed yesterday's and that
There is no recording either
from old recordings that were made in old classes
The class of the K-Favre retracement or
The next concept is coming but if we
Basically what the world does is draw people
Some people consider 0.5 to be the zone, some people consider 0.6 to be the zone.
I believe in you as much as I do, basically
There is experience, on the basis of that there is no five.
Na six hai it's somewhere between five ka
Between and then six of below half of
Between then this is kind of a golden zone
And see from where it has reversed.
Ok. So you plot it from where you plot it
From a very strong by zone. from there
No, no, buy zone. Swing Swing Low Swing
Hi. That's all I have to see.
Take a swing, sir.
Take a swing. Right now this was swing low. Our
This was the current highest point near here. So swing
Low to Current Highest Point and Then We New
This zone.
This is the only practical, it is known
Could have done. Else, there is no such support here.
Not there. So no fair value gap is visible.
I am still having it. One Minute Fair Value
Gap one is visible. Let me just see if
it's there
Sir, I have mitigated this one here.
We or Yes So We Have One Fair Value Gap
Here only. Apart from this, there is no fair here.
Is there a value gap? Not there.
It is not here. You are of no value. No
Is. Not there. One second here too.
Is
He's probably fed up. We
Yes, Phil is. No, no, not Phil. Phil
Not there. Sorry sorry Phil is not there. This
Ok. And let's see that this is pending
Is there liquidity in it? then it makes
Is. There is pending liquidity because gold
it's like
There is a difference of one pip. I get this one Pip
There is no difference either. yes we have a
Pending Liquidity Here. Ah so its
According to calculations, this was a fair gap and from here
Pending liquidity. So Max Weekends
Old concept ke basis pe max we could
Have expected till here. Only up to here
Fab. No other option. because there is something here
We don't even have marking. What We Will
Try to Understand Got It
Okay, okay sir, so generally we don't go like this.
three four five weeks back to find those
Levels we don't make sense when if
Let's from Let's from now Price down from here
It falls down. So support resistance usefully
Work is that whatever price is going on wherever it is
has been in his past, whether in the past or in the present
what support was in the zone or what
There was resistance. If we look at it like this
So some support or resistance everywhere
Neither will you find anyone. How much
Don't pass the current, no one passes, only in the current
Like if the price goes down from here now
It has come below this, now there is no support here
What is resistance?
May Be Somewhere in the Past
No, I am not here, yes, now I may be somewhere.
Whatever past I have here, it is here.
No, it is after this, then now after this this
Close After this, next is this
So now this is my next target.
This is the reference point we have for it.
There is no other reference point now.
This does not mean that I will continue to
I will go into the past and see what he is doing.
Is. Two, this is connecting here. So
It Gives Me a Little Bit More Confidence
That's right, the price went up from here before.
Then he came back. This zone is acting as a
Very good support. Right? Butt Joe Mostant
Reference I will take is from here. That's it.
And then if this zone breaks then
Then I have next planning here. thats
It. That's it on this basis.
Ok. So whatever you draw, zone it
After whatever his previous low swing this
Point is, that's where I'll put my
Targets in okay and you got to know that
How to identify yourself on such moves
This is where the comes in okay
Right right thank you sir
Sir your question
Sir, today I took a trade in Nifty.
That was around Nifty 25569 when I
I had shorted it at around 145.
So I was charged a premium of around Rs 20.
I booked that premium
Around 117
amazing
My risk was very sweet sir till around 9
had gone
Amazing amazing better than my one
Three Tha Amazing
Yes, that was a good holding for me.
It was good for me today for the first time.
Vai Good
This is good sir, but now I am a little over it.
I am confident sir
The market crashes like this, how will it be like this?
I will tell you what usually happens
It's done with me, there was a time where
Pay I got my highest reward ever
It is 1:2
This reward was given, okay, I was super
Confident that now in one trade 1:2
Means I'm [ __ ] back to back six stops
Losses followed, followed by back-to-back trades
I took a stop loss trade and took a stop loss
Trade taken Stop Loss Trade taken Stop
Losses back to back six stop losses
ok don't get overconfident it was
Just one trade it went well you can a little bit
You can celebrate when you can
If you do it again and again, it doesn't make any sense for
Celebration But If You Want You Can Do It
Achievement is classic
And what was that confirmation you got, sir?
Me
First, it was day high, day high, I
I shorted after seeing the even pattern
And after that the premium there is also yours
The boots were on the bottom, so it was good there.
It was done, sir.
Sir, I have a question right now,
Around 248 in Nifty
There is a gap sir the one with the gap up
On the one day time frame, he fills the gap
Will you come to do it, Sir Nifty?
no one knows
Since there is a gap there, if right now like for
The example is very close and the gap is correct.
The gap is not very far.
points gap
There is a gap of 1000 points. Yes. good his
Are you doing it later? How much is it?
There are a lot of gaps. In Nifty,
There are lots of gaps.
Yes, that is correct.
There is not a gap. Multiple session gaps will appear
To you. When that liquidity after April 7
When that price has risen, lots of gaps are
There.
Now those gaps will be filled or not. I don't
One Thing I Know for Sure Is That
The probability is high that they will be filled.
So if I know that he is feeling
If there is a probability of
that I am not going to plan anything aggressive
Trade of futures long.
Ok? Same with the same for example
reference point
I had an analysis done and I had made
plans in July 2024 that this is kind of
This is how the market may react in 2025
That the market will fall 10% and then it will recover
Then From There It Can Fall 20-30%
Now what if I already knew?
I had shorted the futures.
Since I knew that because of my thoughts, I
What did he do? Any aggressive position
Not taken in stock. No stock
Took. What was its result? My millions
Money was saved from loss. Otherwise, if
Because at that time many trades looked like this
were in the charts, which I could have simply gone long.
Are. It will give a very big move and a lot
Seemed like an aggressive price. But Since I
Had my analysis for the overall market
I did not understand. if taken
If suppose four stocks from let's
I took a position of Rs 10-10 lakh from LETS.
The position became worth 40 lakhs and if that thing
If the index has fallen by 20%, then the stock has fallen.
30 35% So 35% of 40 lakhs is almost 10 12
And if it becomes 15 lakhs then money saved equals two
Money Earn
Same is the scenario of gap, you know gap
If Phil could be then not any
Aggressive position now if market all time
It turns out to be high, meaning it will now go much higher than the gap.
Now the price can go up now I am ready
to go on
yes ok done ya
Vansh Your Question
Vansh Audible Sir
Yes Sir, I had a doubt that like Sir, today I
If I was trading then it was also on the basis of support.
and also on the basis of the trend line
Was doing. So Sir, I had confirmation that he
Like you said, the trend line
It will break only if it consolidates. So
She was straight dominant candles so she
Did not brake. But Sir, when I
After confirmation, I added two or three points.
I saw that yes, it will go down. But Sir, that
The market has reversed. So I have three such today.
Stop losses have been hit.
Your analysis was correct.
I did not understand anything. right now you
Send me the chart and give it to me on your chart. They
I won't be able to imagine the chart. Isn't it
This way? Yes Sir, I had a question for you.
Sir, as I am a student now, Sir
Investing in Silver with Silver Bees
It would be nice to have a like in Gold Bees
Global commodities are something you can never
Can't be wrong
You may be wrong in the short term, but
You are a student, now your vision is that
I am still a student, I will go ahead
Will I get a job or will I be good at trading?
I will do business and make some money from there.
I will come and continue for 10-15 years.
If you want to invest then you can never go wrong
with silver and gold
And same as same goes for index also has
If any stock is individual in fact
Reliance can go 50% down
isn't it so that's there
And Sir, you had written in the announcement yesterday that
Support Becomes Resistance
So for up there was resistance first so when he
Our candlesticks went up so they
Resistance becomes support will not occur there
Yes yes, it will come, everyone will like support become
There is resistance, so resistance becomes
There is support
No, it means the same thing, like you did that
Announcement support at least resistance
It was written, but that was resistance and then that
When I went upstairs, she became a support, so I
So I might have written it upside down by mistake.
If so, the resistance has been broken out.
And if the price goes down down down down
Down and here I have got entry then this
Resistance was Resistance, now it's support.
And Sir, I wanted to ask that Sir, just like I am
As you said, right now you are forwarding
If you do tracking then just mainly look at
A short position was created. Don't invest money now.
Do paper trading. And Sir, my doubt was this
That
Not audible.
Hello sir, can I hear you sir?
Sir, my doubt was that Sir, I am in stocks
etc. how can I see that in Indian
I can trade. Like right now I just
Looking into Bitcoin
Intraday intraday part I will
Explain. In the intraday part
Explain. Ok.
OK sir. Thank you sir.
You are welcome.
Rohan your question.
Not Audible Sudhanshu Your Question
yes hi
Sir, just a while ago you saw that blonde candle
had told about the 9:30 candle in Nifty
in five minutes
I don't get time in both 5:15
Yes, 5 more
5:15
So in that sir you said that I had taken entry but
His phone did not break
Did not take entry
I entered long and went long on the EMA.
on the basis of
Well, not on the basis of a blunt candle.
If the blunt candle is short then the entry for short is blank.
No. Now since I took entry
After taking it, it becomes blunt candle form.
It was all over, then I went a little higher
I quickly exited my trade so that now this
The probability of the reverse happening is very high.
It is high.
Got it?
And then after that I did the system itself.
Left it.
I was confused because you said
A little confused according to the blunt candle.
Done. Meaning that entry with a blunt candle
It wasn't because in the blunt candle, it was
When there is a low break, we look for an upside entry.
Would have taken. Isn't it sir?
Yes. ok ok ok thank you so much
Prasun Your Question
Prasoon Can You Hear Me
Karan Veer Your Question
Sir, your recorded classes are
Will I get it even after the course or not?
It will last for a lifetime
So sir
My one question is that
Swing trades are done in delivery
It is only because of this that leverage is available in
No?
Leverage is available in futures.
So Sir, how do you trade in futures?
He doesn't understand.
I will tell you in the future. Like we are in stocks
The future is what we do. just that
It happens in futures contracts. Ok.
He will have separate classes.
OK sir. Thank you
Aniruddha your question
Anirudh
Not Audible
Vishal Your Question
Hello Sir Am I Audible
Ya Sir I have no question but I just
wanted to ask you that please check my
Screenshot Once in the App Chat
And I Also Have an Ethereum Short Position
at 2617 so can you give an overview on that
The rest of the market is currently moving BTC higher.
What Will Happen If the BTC Itself Is
Going Up
The Whole Stock Sorry Whole Crypto Is Going
up then ethereum will also go up now
Ethereum is already long here if
It's intraday
Then just SL happens then let's just
Execute it as per your risk management
That's it, no need to worry about it
Here the SL will come, here the target will come, whatever it will be
Tell me tomorrow but don't worry a lot about it
You will be making multiple trades intraday
Everyday two three trades are there. Correct
Because lates see bullish views in lager runs
Is. But if intraday me late se how much
If Ethereum drops even $100 or even $50
So you will get your intraday target.
Of. Correct
Yes ma'am.
Yes. So don't worry about it. Done
Thank you sir.
Or welcome Neeraj your question?
Neeraj can you hear me?
Siddharth your question? Neeraj, yours has been removed.
These.
Siddhartha Siddhartha
Not Audible Niranjan Your Question
Not able, please be ready, Bhesh Kunal Abhiranjan
Himesh Vinay Anirudh Adit Head Over With You
Iqbal Rohan
please be ready naitik or niranjan your
Niranjan where are you
can't hear they can't see you because your
Bhaesh
Not Audible Sachin Your Question
Sir, I want to ask you this.
Not Audible Not Audible Very soft sound
I can't hear you
Hello, we
I sent you a message in the chat box yesterday.
did the film Shri Ram
Sir, what is happening with the stock?
The price that Nifty 50 has made today
Closed after consolidation, if tomorrow big
If the candle breaks down,
How will we plan our trade?
We will plan on the basis of candles if
The big candle breaks down and then
Will look for an entry where risk is
Our reward is becoming simple
Well, six out of 10 times with me, stocks.
This is what is happening in
Range is being created for one hour of the previous day
Or a two-hour range is being created, but at 9:15
Her first candle is breaking
Later they became volatile.
Never take a trade on the first candle.
It will make a very big candle. very huge stop
Loss. Always after the close of the first candle
After the follow-through candle
Stop loss plan is also on 5 minutes. Correct
Is? And that too if there is momentum in the price
So. The first candle will be very large. His
Risk will never meet reward. Extreme
It is available only in cases. ok krunal your
Hello, can you hear me sir?
we we
Sir, I had a fun question. What
5 more minutes to support register or 15
minutes and
15 Indian Market in 15 minutes and 5
Even in minutes, in 15 minutes we draw 5
We Tech Entry in Minutes
And I had a question
Concept Songtala Answer from Joe Liquidity
did not understand
I may not understand more liquidity
There is a concept. They
Okay, understand it like this: let's
For this, the class with pending liquidity
look, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, there
All the concepts will be clear on it. But
This is one such support from Lets. Sorry
There is resistance. And let's say here like this
A let me zoom in. Let me zoom in. Let's
This is resistance. End
We have a support here. Ok? Now!
What liquidity tells us is that if
A big position has to be opened here.
The price will go up first and then go down.
If a big position is opened here then
The price will go down first and then go up.
And we have to look for a place where
Most people will have stop losses in place.
Now for example, if there is a short here
Entry will be taken from LETS for example
Let's line up here, it would be better
In understanding.
Now if
Any short trade in this area
Where will you place their maximum stop losses?
Will it be on? Everyone will have stop loss here.
A little will be above that. This is 3368.6
It will be on A little will be above that. So this means
The entire area, this complete liquidity
This is the area. Everyone's stop here
There are losses. Now if the big player
If you want to enter then only you need liquidity to
Get in. Because what are their stop losses?
Is? Their stop losses are buy orders.
If someone is opening a sell position then their
There are buy orders. Now on a buy order
If any big player wants to establish his position here
If you have to open it, then whatever you want to buy will already be there.
He will sell his goods to someone.
So if there are lots of buy orders here and
If a big player opens the sale then
What is that buy order liquidity for him?
Will it be made? Same Buy Orders Liquidity
Will be made. So how will the price behave here?
Pay? Price Will Go Up and Then Go Down
Go Up Fill the Liquidity for Seller Big
Player and Any Whatever We Say and Then It
Go down so when we reach price resistance
Breaks it after that when entry is received
Then we take the trade short key support
When we get entry then we
If you take a trade then strategy wise it
Why is it becoming a cold trap? It is because
of the liquidity okay
Just Buy Sell Orders That's It That's It
Abhiranjan Your Question
We are coming
Yes sir, mine
Yes Neeraj, please message me if you are facing any glitch.
There was some laughter in the mike.
My question is about the rejection candle.
Head of such as open in rejection candle and
Whenever the body is close, like
Like when the body is close, the body is close.
There is a big thing above, there is rejection in that, that is accepted.
Does it happen or not, sir?
It happens if it is a little weak, it means rejection.
It happens that the price from one side is such
should reject now a little bit over it
If so, it will work
right right right now if it's like that a
The rejection candle is made like this, above it
If it is a big wick then it will not work then
There is confusion about this little week.
It's fine
I have checked that I
Accuracy checked for up side which
Sale happens, buy sorry entry happens
Very few are found in this on the cell side
We meet often, but whenever we meet
Sir stop loss is hit, they are hit but
10 out of 6 Likes in this Like
The target is more than 1:5, sir.
As much as I observed, at the end
Main M is to make money and in this you are
Profitable if you were to execute this
if yes
If we look at the accuracy, the accuracy in this
It's How Much Is Only 60% Correct
yes right right right
But if the risk reward is 1:5 then this
It's much better if I remove the five
Even if you are getting two or three, you
made a lot of money
That's what you said, it's 60%, that's why
The stop-losses are small but
The target is big, sometimes even 19110.
I get it sir
I assume that it is Prasad.
I see him like this sometimes 9-10 miles
If it is gone then it is Prasad, God has given it.
Us
But sir, there is very little in bitcoin
Meaning it doesn't work, it rarely works.
There is a reason for this, sir, this question
It is also because whenever any candle in Bitcoin
Like form, sir, there is a lot of wig in it.
Sir, please tell me what is the reason behind this.
You will find
There is a lot of liquidity in it and there is a stop in it.
Loss: There would have been more chances of getting hit in that.
Are
It is not that
Stop loss cannot be said too much.
Losses will be huge
So we always have to enter only when our
Risk is becoming reward. Treadmill only
Because of that I am not supposed to enter.
The risk reward is beneficial.
The risk reward is always higher in that.
It happens in bitcoin sir
No, you won't always get it. But if you are
Whenever you're getting it like this, where
The pay risk reward is getting very high.
If the risk is too high then we do not enter
We avoid.
And the second thing Sir Newton, which is yours
Sir, it is a candle, what should be the body ratio in it?
Need sometime?
Body to Risk Body to Wick Ratio Right
right right right
5% Yes, Absolutely None, Rest
The primary Dominance candle must be a Dominance candle
full color so that it should be visible or not yes one
Aggressive Bearers have complete control on this side
Then the aggressive seller took control.
Now it has come to a conclusion that now here
Wherever he goes, he will be in power.
I am also not trading sir. My
I have enough capital but I don't know what you mean
I want to walk on whatever footprint there is.
I am trying. Ok? First
So sir, I am trying that whenever
When the class ends, I will take the class from you.
Fully, after that I should trade.
it's good
I have a little like attraction.
But do homework. But do homework.
yes yes I will do I will do homework already
Sir. All homework is already completed.
Perfect Perfect That's
I have a little bit of it in the Indian market, sir.
Like is such a consumption that means manipulated
Indian market like trade is more
She likes to do it, so I prefer it a little.
I am doing it sir, like bitcoin or
What do you mean by cryptocurrency?
what are you thinking
It's good, it's good, it's good
In fact, if I leave for Dubai then I will come
will also primarily trade crypto and
Forex
ok ok ok ok thank you sir thank you
So much thank you, thank you so much sir, I love you
Ya love you Himesh your question
Himesh can you hear me yes
First of all I want to say thank you
I'd like it's almost 1 am and you
Everyone's question so far
Thank you sir and I had some questions like
In the last class you cleared my doubt.
Had cleared like price if
If it reaches almost all time high then it
How to remove resistance, then my biggest
My biggest doubt was cleared, so my
The first question is like today you threw
Taught about breakouts and traps
Was. So should we trap fake breakouts?
Can I use it like this? Like Fake
We don't take breakouts.
It is the same, it is the same. What happens in a sea trap?
Is? The moment price broke out. Short
Entry found We Are Short.
What happens in a fake breakout? V C
Some Price Going and Giving Huge
Breakouts. That breakout price is very
A bigger price movement has occurred.
Then at that time per v c price for the
V in the Consolidation Part and Consolidation
Tech Reiteration. That's how it is all right.
Where are you?
I can't see you Himesh.
Or
Hello sir. This was my next question.
Like you mentioned about blunt candles
Was in many classes. still very
All the students had a lot of fun with blonde candles.
All the doubts are coming. I have more doubts
Not there.
When the price takes a very long move
and is too low or too high
Not too low, not too high
But somewhere in the middle it is blunt but that
The price has gone up a lot and the price is still
The current is going up but two or three times below
If it is a blond candle then you have used it most of the time
It is said that the blunt candle is on where the blunt is
Avoid candles where they are present.
If the price is going up very high and
If there is a blunt candle somewhere below, then
What should we do in the situation? Price
It's going too high. You answered it yourself
You gave me a question here. go very high
If it is burning then it means the candle has been extinguished. Now!
Work is done. If It's on Higher Time Frame One
Hour and let's to four hours. One in Nifty
There is a blunt candle pending on the hour and
The price has not gone up much. I
Will still wait. I will wait for that. Not
Going in Nifty.
OK sir. I have one last question.
This is related to like candle validation. So
You meant candle validation.
That you guys mark it at 5 minutes. then 1
Go to the hour and validate it.
Mark one hour and go to 5 minutes
Have to validate.
Mark one hour and mark 5 minutes
Pay has to be validated. Let's Say We Have One
Hour Rejection Candle. So to validate
for we mark on one hour and then we go on
5 Minutes and Then We Try to Understand
that what had happened exactly in that
Rejection candle.
Ok ok sir.
Thank you. Thank you sir.
Vinay Your Question
yes regards sir
Yes, that love, don't worry, shift to Dubai.
If it happens, I will tell you and then I will be fine.
Don't worry, they shift very quickly.
Yes Sir, this was my question regarding Sir's classes.
Two have not been uploaded yet sir, those are yesterday's two
Class
Checked the announcement
No, I did comment, but I haven't yet.
No reply came
Checked the notice board.
Yes, you said there are technical issues.
He said quickly then then
Done
It will happen, don't worry, there was no class tomorrow.
There was a class yesterday but it was closed.
I said because people are highly and
Disorganized, so I stopped it.
There was no class yesterday
That first one will be uploaded, don't
Worry yes
ok sir i am from prayagraj you said
It was that we were in Delhi, sorry, we were in Lucknow.
People want to have meetings again.
I am in Lucknow now, I am on leave.
All offline meetups are closed, everything is closed.
I am currently planning a class in Delhi.
If it is offline then definitely as much
Students are the ones who will have the priority
You Know Everybody Will Be Called So Hopefully
It Will Happen in Delhi and Yes of Public
I've stopped meeting ups for now.
ok ok thank you sir thank you thank you
Thank you
Although I will definitely plan to visit Banaras.
I have to go, see when Bholenath calls me.
and I love going there but meet ups so
I have closed your question Rohan
Rohan's voice is coming
Not Audible moral Can You Hear Me moral
Kumar
Not Audible Said Your Question
Yes sir, I had one more question.
I started binges around or 8 months ago
I invested around $100 to learn Justice
For
right now and that right now everything is going well right now
Around $00 is going on, this is going on
value
So how am I withdrawing that?
No Idea Searching Not Used YouTube
I have not used to
The Most Probably How You Can
You can withdraw crypto directly from it.
Or you can withdraw USDT from it.
The option will be USDT, you sell it and we
P to P
So sell P2 and sell P2 to the bank
Take the money and the job is done
But there is a little risk, isn't it?
There is a risk of account seizure
yes that
Flag flag account if money has arrived or
If money comes into any account, correct no there
There is no other option, this is the other option.
Take crypto withdrawals in another
Withdraw in XNS From XNS to Bank
Take
Also take USDT from him into XNS and XNS
Get it from XNS by linking your bank account to
Because XNS is now offering Direct UPI.
If the option is being given then the option of UPI only
When those people can give them a little
Some approvals are received from the government
Otherwise, those people cannot give it anywhere.
Somewhere he has made some loop holes in something.
He might have been fired or something might have been done due to which
Currently his UPI is working. So what
Withdrawal is still coming, not on P2P
It is coming. It's coming from XS's account.
Is. So from XNS account it's fine. If
If you do it P to P then it may be wrong. So
From there XNS XNS to Bank Dis
Loop you can use. Ok
Yes sir. I had one more question, sir.
Just last year around I had around 7 lakhs.
There was a loss. Starting now from March 25
After this, I have suffered a complete loss today.
V-brokerage has recovered
So how do I start a fresh chart?
I would like to ask you, sir.
Take a pause, put small amounts that small
Grow the amount and forget the money.
One lakh was lost and it came back including brokerage.
You are in profit late since you have 89 lakhs
Put 1 lakh and maximum 2 lakh, rest all money
Keep 2 lakhs in the bank and increase it to 5 lakhs
Try to make 10 lakhs
Sir around 7 is invested in equity
in lakhs
Yes, okay, let him keep his ₹1 lakh.
Just put and trade with ₹1 lakh
Only and your target will be that ₹1 lakh
You are trading but have a stop loss on your trade.
Will be ₹1000 to ₹2000 target by ₹6000
Meaning a stop loss of ₹20 and a stop loss of $30
Target ₹90 $00 and then grow that account
to ₹2 lakh to ₹3 lakh, 4 lakh, 5 lakh as on
ok don't put all your money you will lose
Initially Done
Bhagesh your question
Yes sir, my question was that this
What percentage of the blunt candle was
There should be a difference between open and low
No Difference Same Price
Same Price Same Price
Aman your question
Sir, this was the question that you had said support
or consolidation near resistance
Price should be increased week to week
Otherwise, the SL will be hit.
So Sir, he did not understand this.
How to draw, how to trade
Let's say I'm here if support draw
I will do
So I'm not just drawing a line here.
I'll do this like this I'll take a rectangle tool and
From here to whatever his lowest wick is
lowest point lowest wick it came to this
then I will mark this whole zone as a
Support and the price can easily come here
Is. This will be in my mind. Now and then
If there are too many such wicks then
We will ignore them. Because it is so big
If you draw a zone then that is stupidity.
Ok? So how to tackle these if
If you draw support, whoever is near it
Look, these two, both, three weeks are around
Is. So we will draw it something like this and
Along with that, we will put a line here.
Because it is on one hour. If we make this
Let's shift from lates to 1 minute
You will see that the price must have reached there. These
So we cannot ignore it. But
Initially the plan will be to start here first.
We will plan our trade on support. If
If it is selected then then we have this
Liquidity area till the year till here.
Got it.
Sir, what welcome?
Pritam Das how are you?
Please ask your question?
Pritam Das
Hello Hello Hello Sir
Hi Sir, how are you?
All good, all good, I was waiting for you
One Hour Actually and Then
I think my Hindi is a little weak.
I am from Assam ok
I understand a little bit of Bengali.
A little bit, not not a lot, but a little bit
No no sir I am from Assam, from Assamese
Am
ok asami ok that's great
yes yes ok
that's great
Sir, please open the chart of Bitcoin.
can i show you something
was we
In live charts now
Sir, there is a dominance candle at 1155
Yes in 5 minutes
Yes, and two candles before that too.
Also and a dominance candle with red meaning
In 1140
Now the live live sir, go ahead
114 1155 two meaning we when I saw this
It was still there. Ok? So sir
Yes, sir, here there is one meaning of resistance.
There is also and from here I mean if I take a trade
If I wanted to, I would have felt liquidity by doing this.
I wanted this one to come down, right?
You are taking this as a resistance right
ya ya exactly sir exactly we are fine
So, the liquidity here is red.
The candle also had 1140 in it.
There was liquidity and
Pending Liquidity
yes pending liquidity sorry sir and 1155
I also had pending liquidity.
Yes. Ok.
Yes. Yes. So pending liquidity sweep
By doing this, you should have come down, right? These
Otherwise, pending liquidity is up, right?
The price will go up. Where is the bottom? Below
It is not on anyone. down here only
Pending liquidity. This is our 12:15 and
1220 p.a.
12:15
Open the current chart right now. Current Chart
It will be visible here. Two parallel candles formed
Has happened. Here we have a pending
Liquidity Here. This is the price right now
If it's coming down then most probably here
from We Will Have the Target Till Here and
If We Get Long After It's Filled
entry then we can potentially plan for a
Long
No sir, I mean you should have known this.
I told you in yesterday's class or the day before yesterday's.
That means in the green dominance candle
Above if there is pending liquidity then if
If we cross it then we will get long
Should I take the trade? Yes, yes, this is on the upper side.
Pay It's Good For Us
yes yes yes sir but that means that
Two candles before that, the red candle
There is pending liquidity in that too.
If it is on the top side then it is good for us.
Is. There is a magnet here, so this
This is an attractive price and come here later.
I have felt this. Wherever there is a blunt candle
It remains where there is pending liquidity
There we have a magnet to attract the
Price. So here we have a pending
Liquidity. So now here in this if my
will have to be shorted. This is a short
Candle.
If I want to go for a short while, I'll wait
I will ensure that this liquidity is filled first and then
I got short entries. Then I will we
going for a shot
Sir, how do we know now?
to go short or to go long
On the basis of resistance, right now there is no use.
This is a zone, this is a tradable zone.
Price is consolidating its
Going up the best possible Sario Dekho
There is pending liquidity here, 1955.
Now after filling this here, enter
I will get it then only I will be interested and
I will wait
Because if I enter here, nothing will happen.
You will get some kind of target and stop loss
Some kind of trade is available here
There is no probability. No risk reward
Will sit. You will get the trade like this.
Sir, we
Sir Sir, if red in the dominance candle
is the candle and the one above is
If there is pending liquidity then that will take us down
Will I get short trades?
Short cuts are to be avoided. If pending above
If there is liquidity then short should be avoided
So that if there is pending liquidity right now
We will shorten it. Price goes down a bit
Then it will come up and acidify. what about us
Benefit? Same thing happens here.
The same thing has happened here. here we had a
Pending liquidity. If the short here
If we do it then what will happen? here
He came and did it.
Got it. If we have liquidity above the
Magnet is above. If We Have the Liquid Down
Then the magnet is down.
Sir Irrespective of the color of the candle right?
Or Irrespective of the color of the candle.
Ok. Ok.
And sir, and a Nifty Nifty, what you have said today
The chart shown also had a question in it.
Can you please open the chart?
You just tell everyone these chart questions.
Don't send me, let the rest of the people sit like this.
I will stay then yes you tell me ok ok sir sir
These who are your
This candle that has just been made
A consolidation candle is forming, so now we
which means tomorrow if support support if
If there is a break, then due to the support breaking
You will have to take short trades.
But how do we know it means it's fake?
The trade has to be taken on the breakout or
This would be taking a trade in a real breakout.
The price has been consolidated here right now.
So after consolidation, if it breaks then
Then what is it, a fake breakout or a real one?
Breakout
It's a real breakout sir
Then if it's a real breakout then what
Will be do sh and long
Then we will for sh
Simple
ok sir if if it is a fake breakout and fake
No trades need to be taken on breakouts
Avoid and then later if we see any
Kind of trap building that if from let's
We are after the breakout
Getting for Any Longer Entry Than We Can
Plan for Potential Longer as We Wait That
If the price is consolidating
then retest entry we can take
OK Sir, after the fake breakout, if the dominance
If anything becomes a candle or rejection, we
Going long means
Trap It's a Trap Concept
Reverse Trade Reverse Trade Right
Sir we should not do such trade na
If not in the trap then we take entries
oh yes yes yes yes yes okay
Even in the trap, Taken you revise the whole lecture.
again
This whole thing 1.2 1.25 x put in
Keep it in speed and just go through it for a bit.
Lecture Again
Yes, then it will be stung in the crypt.
Because if he missed it then what would be the point of such a live
In the market it will be it will create
Blunders OK
yes yes okay thank you thank you so much
or Shubham your question
Hello, yes
Sir Ram Ram Sir Thank You
Ram Ram
Welcome
Sir, I don't have a question Sir, I have one from you.
This is my personal advice sir, if there is any way sir
So that whenever you have time, you can talk on chat.
May it happen to you
You can just go to the chat and drop a voice note.
Giving is right now in the app
Go to the app, sir
Also Sir, I have one more question Sir, today which is 15
Sir, I made a blunt candle in minutes.
had seen
In that sir its open and low and sir high and which
It is close sir, all four are the same sir
Open Low is Same
Hey Sir, please take a look at this
15 minutes pay sir
What about 15 minutes, you can look like this in 5 minutes.
Look, here it is, this one, that one
candle
Yes, yes sir, but in 15 minutes sir.
Its open and low and close and high all around
It was the same, so Sir, I got confused as to what was in it
Should you take the trade or not?
Because it was a proper blunt blunt.
ok we correct you right you are right
Yes, yes, sir
If there is pending liquidity above then it means
The magnet is here, right?
Price This will attract the price upwards
Now that has been attracted once above
Mean Hu Magnet It's filled filled filled.
Or you can save the liquidity field now
Pending liquidity is here.
Ok sir.
Sorry, yes sir, you must personally visit me once.
Tell me sir. This is an advice that I will give you a lot of advice.
I see you as a mentor, sir. Thank you
So much sir.
Thank you.
Welcome. Welcome or
Rohan your question
Rohan can you hear me? Not Audible Rohan Parsha
Rohan Ask Your Question
Rahman can you hear me
Rahman
Is It Audible
No, whoever has an issue with the mic
No, send your question in chat, Himanshu
Himanshu can you hear me
Aditya
Aditya can you hear me?
Hello, good evening
Hello yes
I mean, Sir, I had a question, Sir, rejection.
Sir Resistance Pe Sir A Confusion Candle
Become Sir
Then after that dominance candles are formed
We need to look at the breakdown of the dominance candle.
I should take the trade sir
Confusion over rejection yes dominance candle
brakes of
No sir resistance, resistance per resistance
Yes, confusion candle at resistance
Dominance Candle Dominance Pay Obviously
Okay sir, the cold you just put on sir means
That sir who loved Dr. Sir, we
Sir, on that, Sir, one swing has already been made.
Sir, you had made it upwards also.
Highest Point
swing low to highest point whenever we
We mark the check from the highest
point that the price now from the highest point there
How low will it fall after making the swing?
The price had already fallen from there.
Whatever the current high end from the previous swing
If the current is lower than the previous swing
Got it. If you are marking for long
If the current is higher than the previous swing,
If you are marking for short
Take the current from the previous swing. Got it.
Because we have to know the current level. donation
That's how to do it. ok or
Or Himanshu your question?
Himanshu can you hear me?
Sir, yesterday I made a trade
In Nifty 50. Sir, at the last moment
Sir, this is how much time I had 15
I saw a rejection candle of 25 minutes.
Candle Sir
On the second of July and also in 5 minutes
If there was confirmation then its target was 13 sir
See, in the last it went up to 1 2.5.
I did not carry forward later.
One minute before the last market close
I have taken my position
It's Com
Yes, you did it right, it's common sense, anytime we
BTST is not taken on such basis, a little bit
It is left. In fact, intraday trading
They never even make BTST. already
Is there a plan for BTST or not? Yes
Now we have some confirmation already that
Market May Be Next Day Also Follow Through
If he gives then we will make a plan. A BTST
Plan from the first week to plan
and the market for the entire week
Have to track. Then we do it. Ok
After that sir next day means gap up
There was an opening and it happened, but I took it.
did not want to. Sir, I have you
I will send you a screenshot of the trade I will take.
Sir, where should I send the screenshot?
Sending in the app had a risk reward of 1 2.5
Yes sir, that happened.
It's great. It's good. It's good.
Sir, it was one three but it went up to 2.5. But
In the last I closed it at 1.1
Meaning on one.
Correct. Ok. It's fine. It's fine.
It's fine.
And sir one more question sir which you have given as homework
That complete support and resistance
I do. That's mine on TradingView.
If it reaches the last zone then beyond that
I don't even get those screenshots.
Use your money chart.
use it
Sir One is using Angel One's chart.
Do it, there will not be such a complete entry in it.
will show that it's okay
ok ok sir
Thank you sir, come on sir
Or be happy ethical your question
moral can you hear me
Not Adorable Lovepreet
Sir, I wanted to confirm the same to you.
Jo Ann
Voice gone not audible Lovepreet not audible
No sound is coming
Raise your hand again, no sound is coming
what happened one second
Wait wait wait wait the system has hung
What about me?
Hello Hello
Yes please say again
Or Lovepreet
Sir, the sound is coming
Sir, I just want the coin that you gave me.
He was asked to analyze B.A.K.E.
Bake
Beck is
Beck which is currently running 0.10
I already told you about that group.
What am I from before now he has come up
right now that it was in it was in 200% loss right now
It's back in profit, yes.
No, no, it is still running on 0.10.
When I told the group earlier, it was good
Were you aided then or not?
Yes, I was not an adult then. I was just three days old.
Have you already joined?
I told you a long time ago that my
My own position was in loss it it
Was -200% loss.
And the dot was minus 350% loss.
I am making profit in dot. Very
doing fine.
Excellent. Excellent.
Yes. I just invested in this too.
Gave. I left you a message on WhatsApp
But.
It's fine now. Well, what should we keep about it?
Can it be according to you?
Its target is around $56. of the dot.
Ok. 5 0.5 right?
No, dot's. $56 is going for $3 right now?
No sir, running bak 0.10. Bake
you are talking about dot na
No No Bake Bake Bake
Beck's right now Beck's so I'll say around
Targets around 200% for very volatile people
It suddenly increases by 60% in a day
It goes like this
Its like the last one so I checked the latest
But don't go aggressive, keep it low.
position
I have just deposited 2000
It's okay, enough is enough
Isn't it enough, let's keep it at 0.5
If you have to do it then he will give you $000 for $2000.
will go
No no, its ok keep the TPM 0.5
By the way, it has gone to 0.90
Yes, 0.05 is enough.
Because its latest high is the one that is visible
It is happening to me
ok thank you sir thank you
or thank you
Rohit your question
Yes sir, I wanted to ask support.
The round number in resistance is
How strong is it
It is strong if they are matching
with the level then it's way stronger
If you will see three dot dollars in dot
Round number was and run round number was
Exactly matching with the liquidity point
What Happened Reversed
ok and nifty like in nifty
Everywhere Everywhere Nifty Bank Nifty Gold
Price dynamics are the same everywhere.
Niranjan Your Question
Not Audible Rohan Your Question
Bhavesh your question
Hi Sir
Actually Sir, I have this GBP
I saw about Forex, I am in London.
Who
were doing
Whose
GBP GBP USD in Forex
GBP GBP USD OK
So in that one hour time frame
There was pending liquidity
And simply means I haven't traded yet.
I was just self-observing.
So, going to the resistance there,
As soon as the market falls, that complete meaning
Where I marked pending
liquidity till that correction came, meaning
There was such a fall down. Sir, one hour per
Can't see it anywhere
One hour pay was 25 sir
june
Here it is
So that's complete
I kept it as John Mark
What a great thing, very well done, very
Well Analysis and This Is Actually
Induction zone also I will tell you further
How the induction came
Yes, I have seen that, sir.
Dekhna class hai na we have a very good
consolidation year so this is a very good
Indulgence Also Perfect
And there is another one Sir which is yours in Ethereum
I told you about the analysis, right?
Yes, I will almost give my 40% in that.
If it is going then how far will it go should I hold it?
Then book 50% and target the rest.
Around $2800 $3000 that is what
I Expecting
Actually, I went and got that much in return.
It means till 28th
How much my like like was like 6 p. Good
600 us
So if this is not the maximum target then hold it now.
Don't worry so much right now, it's safe.
Safe Thing
Keep it at break even so that if in case
If Anything Goes Wrong Anything Suddenly Crashes
If something comes then at least you will be having
Break Even Pay You Will Be Out
No, I actually had him for the long term.
have taken for
Then don't worry about it, don't worry
Yes and we have our own stock Bharat Heavy
Electrical and in that too my profit is 56%
If I felt like drinking it, I would drink it like my own.
Told resistant according to the standard
So I applied that tool there and got it done.
So whatever was its price there, it was from there.
If it has fallen, hold it now, friend.
I Can't Tell You About Stocks
I Can't Tell You But About Stocks
I will say that if you are in good profit and
If you see that the reverse is happening from there
Out of nowhere If I See Anything Like That So
What I do is I simply book 50% and then
50% to break even because now I know key
It's reversing right. So I have to be
Because my time is involved in it.
I have a lot in particular trade
To be sure, take some money with you.
I have been in the markets.
Prova is so big after getting full profit
And after that there is no loss to be paid.
If there is investment then
It means investment only. So, someone like that
It's an investment, don't worry about it. And
Be prepared for investment that this
I see a profit of 56% right now.
56% can also go into loss.
he goes back
Mentally, yes, be mentally prepared. So if
If it goes into 56% loss then I will put more
Money Invitation.
Just Your Question
Just Can You Hear Me?
Your voice is not clear, it is coming very slowly
Yes, I mean, I am coming, sir.
We are still not very slow
Yes Sir Sir, I had a question like
If you are talking about trap entry then it is like raid
The red candle is forming a downward movement and a candle
Dominance turns green and we press enter.
and then the next candle again
turns red
So that
how to handle
Nothing Stop Loss Work Finished Stop Loss
Take it out, that's it, it's done, the trap didn't work
Yours and Mostly Price Break in Trap
After doing this Sudden gives you entry if
The price has gone down a lot
That Means It's a Big Fake Breakout If
going very low then giving long
Then this is not a trap trap means it
Breaks and It Suddenly Goes Up
Sudden reversals are to be taken
Sir, sometimes it happens that from there on up
goes and resists and
Sometimes anything will happen, don't worry about it.
Means retesting support and then moving down
falls down
If the price has gone down too much
It's Going to the Support Consolidated Manor
So here we go to retest entry.
Lenge na trap ka matlab both are different
Things Trap Means This Is What Price Goes To
Down and Suddenly Goes Up
got it
Sir, the second question is like trend line
At what time frame should we mark it?
and how much of the past we
Entry on the same time frame
Pay marks not separated in trend line
It works.
From how far back can we take the trend line?
First then Closest Closest
Then as much as can go from the past to the maximum
that much past
Has to Connect the Dots
I also sent
If I want to remind him now, I will
Reply again in chat right now for class
Please send it back later. Ok?
That Doorur point first to points Doorur
If you are getting marked
It's valid. If the points are connected
If it is there then it is valid.
many times like
Coming Down Means
In short, and that's before the consolidation area.
Before touching the mean support
Only when the consolidation area starts
The reverse will happen.
I am not able to understand. I will not understand that way
Take screenshots and sell them. Such a large chart
It is not possible to imagine.
Means consolidation area is below support.
So the support is below that consolidation area
Of
Not Getting the Point
Support is below the mean consolidation area
As
Bitcoin is going up means going short
Consolidation yes ok
It means we have not come to support yet.
Where the Consolidation Area Started
From there it reversed back again.
So nothing, miss entry no does not make sense
Not Audible Vivek Rajendra Your Question
Yes Saras
I had a question, as you talk.
Is this our forex of crypto?
Ahead in Class I crypto
We don't know anything right now
will come
Vivek Your Question
yes sir hum hum
Radhe-Radhe
Sir, basically I have no doubt but
Nice to see you trying it for a long time
I am getting ready to talk, today is the final day.
perfect
Sir, my doubt is regarding liquidity.
If you have doubts and it was in the blonde candle then ask everyone
People were doubting me, that blonde candle
If that is cleared then sir liquidity
Sir, I am trying to do what is left.
If it happens, I'll ask you in chat or
There will be one, sir.
Look at liquidity like this, just understand and move on.
There is an area where we can see
We have to basically assume that
No. Highest Stop Losses in Price
Where will you be if there is a short here?
If you plan, most of the stop losses are
There so liquidity area is here and
How will the price fill and the price go up?
to that liquidity area then it will go
Down
So it is a place where people meet their
Keep stop losses. Ok.
Sir, secondly, big position, big players get in.
With the help of that liquidity. Yes
Sir, the second question is that Sir, I
In entry I know that entry
It is available here. It also remains confirmed and
My favor also means it. Butt I know
No, why do I mean I'm afraid that this
Not there. There is no solution to this.
Discipline that's it. If you know, then do the work
End.
Yes sir. Emotions in Trading and They're All Over
It's not all these things that I'm a little scared of
I have been. I know but still I
I am unable to take the trade. None of these
There is no space. Either yes or no, simple
Direct answers are used here. Do you know
Don't know how to execute, leave it. That's it.
Yes sir. Meaning it is happening. I mean, I take
I take it.
Place here just take the trade. What is such a maximum
will be? Stop loss came and the work was done. If your
Stop loss is scaring you. What does it mean
Your stop loss is high. That's it. Ok?
This sir means within a week what you
I had told you that the meaning of 1:3 is always in it.
Meaning I am getting 1:56 easily.
So him sir means SL is also my most of
It takes very little time and I Sir SL
I trade very small.
Meaning I would punch a trade only if the SL is small
perfect it's good it's good
Thank you sir, that's all sir
what a thing brother was it
So friend, this was the whole class, did you see it?
Understood and understood all the advanced concepts.
I hope this simple way yet I don't
think there is a lecture where so much
It is explained in detail. Next Video
It's going to be even more solid because
In that you will learn things about trend line
And I am also promising that I will
I will increase my frequency. time till now
Couldn't find it. Because again mine
the trip was. Then the trade has to be managed. there
Instagram accounts, the YouTube lot of
Things are there. So everything with the trade
It is very difficult to manage. This 
That's why you get so many frequent videos
Can't be seen. But I will try
A little like my frequency of trade
If it decreases then the frequency of YouTube will increase.
Will go. YouTube has a low frequency
So please understand that my focus right now is
The whole trade is going on. So Far It's
Going very well touch wood because of this you now
I can't see many videos yet
Have been. But I will try trade as soon as
It will be a little less. like July
July, August, September which is basically the month of Sawan
There is a month, there I am very much
I don't trade aggressively. it would have been fun
Hai, try to travel and all these things are
There. So at that time you will see YouTube videos.
You will see more. That's it. I
Hope you liked it. All the best. And friend
The number of people coming to class is the same.
There are long sessions. so prepare
Stay and completely submerge yourself.
Focus well in class. and Trust
Me it is going to be very fruitful for
You. Al the best.
