I got 80,000 in a single month and I
 
built it up to 380,000. This is a
profession. This is a livelihood. If you
don't treat it like that, you're gonna
go you're gonna go broke. I had made
over six figures by the time I dropped
out. I'm so confident in myself. I'm so
confident in my trading ability because
I have this prop firm trader made
$936,000
in just 25 days with over a million in
payouts. Introducing Desi Trades. You
weren't able to go take 30 minutes out
of your day to review something and you
wanted all the glory from it. I think
that's why reviewing is so important.
>> Cuz anyone can learn a strategy.
>> I can teach a monkey how to draw lines
on a chart. Right. That's true.
>> A lot of people lack the data, which
ends up having a lack of
self-confidence. And if you have lack of
self-confidence, there's almost nothing
you can do about it. Because in this
episode, Desi breaks down exactly the
steps that allowed him to go from
inconsistent losing trader to a
profitable trader. He goes through the
exact things that are trapping traders
today and stopping them from getting
payouts. How did you overcome being in
coming from the red? A lot of people
struggle with the psychological aspect
of overtraining and discipline and all
that later on, right? They'll build a
strategy and then they'll start trying
to work on that. I think you need to
work on your mindset first before you
even do anything. A few other factors
that significantly affect some of the
psychology is.
Welcome back everyone to the Words of
Wisdom podcast. The number one trading
podcast in the world and the fastest
growing thanks to all of you and our
incredible guests. We're on our third US
tour of this channel and our tours are
thanks to our incredible sponsors, Alpha
Capital and Alpha Futures, the top prop
firm in the industry with the only path
to professional trading through Alpha
Prime. But check their links out in the
description. But back to our incredible
guests. This guest has achieved nearly
$2 million in payouts. He's only been
trading for just about five years. did a
$900,000
payout on Apex Trader funding.
He's an ICT trader as well. Just to
throw that out there. It's the one and
only Desi Trades.
>> Thank you for having me. It's a pleasure
to be on here with you and I can't wait
for our conversation.
>> Neither can I. And it's absolute
pleasure. Thank you. I know you've
traveled all the way over across the
states, so I really appreciate you being
here. We just did a great chart fanatics
episode as well, so it was really cool
to see your playbook. And I really want
to start things off. I could easily go
like, oh, you've done 2 million and
nearly in payouts like or there's 900k
single payout. You tell me about that,
right? Or how did you do that? But
really, I want to ask you in particular,
like, what would you say is more
important or has been more important to
the to those results to achieve those
results? Has it been your strategy or
has it been your psychology? I've always
talked about this. I'm a very big
advocate on psychology, right? Because
the brain is such a powerful tool and
you got to use it as your friend. And
unfortunately, a lot of traders when you
come into the space, they don't really
think about the uh psychology side of
things. They always focus on the
strategy. And I think psychology is so
important because you need to have
confidence in yourself. You need to be
talking positive about yourself. Because
I think energy attracts other energy.
You keep saying negative things,
negative things will come to you. If you
keep saying positive things, I think
you'll be attracted to positive energy.
And people always ask me, how do you
even build psychology? Well, the thing
with psychology is it's usually based
off of results and data. I'm so
confident in myself. I'm so confident in
my trading ability because I have
thousands and thousands of data sets
that prove that over time that I will be
winning in the markets. And I think
that's huge. A lot of people lack the
data which ends up having a lack of
you can do about it. Because once you go
back those trial and errors, those long
nights, those long days where you're
back testing, forward testing, live
testing, and you h you're jotting down
all your trades, all how you felt during
the trades, all your external factors,
and all those things all combined into
your data set. And I think once you have
that data set, you could lean on your
data set to actually guide you further
in your trading. when it comes to
collecting that data though. Is that was
that something you had a mindset around
when you first started or you know how
did you come into trading?
>> So I got into trading during the whole
2021 meme stock craze. Um I was 17. I
was just getting into college and I had
a lot of downtime because COVID was
happening and all that stuff, right? So
schools were just coming back. like I
were a lot of time at home and once I
started I obviously the whole boom my
account through GME and AMC um and I was
actually extracting money from my
brother's bank account at that time
really
>> so I took about 10,000 from his account
and I actually put his account in uh
overdraw negative bank accounts banks
calling all that stuff and he was my
number one supporter even though I was
going down that path of unprofitability
blowing up my accounts undisiplined and
I came to a realization right because
after that happened. I got a eight to
nine months job at a local theme park. I
was attending rides and go-karts and all
that stuff. It was a great time, but I
was basically trying to build my capital
back up and I was learning on the side.
And the main thing that I told myself
from the very start, look, this isn't a
technical issue. It's not going to be a
technical issue. I don't know how I woke
up one day and I just had this
self-realization. I was like, this is an
issue with myself. These are bad habits
that I have in life and I have overall
and they're displaying themselves on the
charts. impulsiveness,
rational decision- making, not being
patient enough, and those are all things
I kind of struggle with in real life as
well. So, it kind of played out on the
chart. And I was trying to tell myself,
look, if I want to make this work, it's
not going to be about the charts. The
charts aren't there to get me. It's
myself. It's a finding something with
myself, whether it's a consistent model,
whatever. And I knew to have that
self-confidence, I need data. and and
data has been huge in my trading career.
Whether it's screen recordings of my
trades while I'm trading, whether it's
live trading, whether it's journaling, I
understood that if I have something to
back me up, I already know what the
results going to be over 2,000 3,000
trades, why would I stray away from it?
Why would I have a self lack of
self-confidence if I lose five trades in
a row? But when I know it's going to be
overall in a year or two, it's going to
be ending up winning. So having the data
set is almost knowing what the end game
is going to be like before you get
there. you have a very strong path you
got to go down. You're going down a road
and on the side there's a bunch of
distractions, right? And you just got to
keep staying steady on that road and
that and the end of the road is all your
data sets and all your data points that
you've collected throughout your life.
And if you don't collect that, you're
giving yourself a very significant
disadvantage in trading. And I think
anything in life, right, you don't go to
MBA player, right? He probably has his
different um workout routines that he
does. He probably notes how he feels
during workouts and all that. get a
rhythm going. They have so much
preparation going into their work that
when they actually go step on on the
court, they step out in the playoffs,
they know exactly what to do and when to
do it. And it's the same thing with
trading. It is built over repetition.
You need your data set. And the data set
allows you to have self-confidence in
yourself, which allows you to have a
better mindset in trading. A few other
factors that significantly affect
someone's psychology is what are your
external factors looking like? How are
you outside of are you trying to trade
for rent? Are you trying to trade to
make tuition? What are the cases and
situations are you're in? And you need
to have a self-awareness and
self-realization that okay, let me take
a step back. What am I trading for and
why am I trading for it? Right? And if
it's off of financial goals, that's not
the way to do it because in trading it
it's so special because there's no limit
on how much you can make, but you're
also not paid based off time. It's not I
can sit on the charts for 10 hours a day
and I'm guaranteed $200. No, you're
based off the decisions you make, right?
Right? And a lot of people can't hold
themselves accountable. You need to be
able to hold yourself accountable. And
you can start small. It could be you
waking up a certain time every single
day. It could be you going to, let's say
you really have big fitness goals, you
going to gym at the same time every
single day. Little things in your life
that helps you stay consistent and
disciplined. It will spill out onto the
charts. When you talk about that
realization of looking internally and it
wasn't a technical issue, what really
led you down that path or to have that
realization, if you really to think
back, was there anything mitigating
circumstances? Anything that really
stands out to you that forced that to
happen?
>> It was this a realization that I'm going
to be paid by my decisions? Um, and this
actually came while I was working my job
because I was making like $15 an hour.
So, I was like, here I could do, you
know, make a bunch of decisions, but I'm
getting paid regardless. But I was like,
trading is so weird. I couldn't concept
like I'm not going to get paid by me
being there. I'm going to be paid by my
decision. So that's where the
self-realization came that it's on me.
And at that same moment, that's exactly
what I was hoping for, that I'd be in a
situation where I'm being paid by myself
and the decisions I make versus someone
else dictating how much I make, what I
do, and all that. So for me, I was like,
I'm in the perfect spot that I want to
be. It's up to me to figure it out. And,
you know, I my brother was there, a big
support system. My cousin was there. um
they knew, you know, the trading stuff
and because my cousin's the one who got
me into it by showing me the screenshot
of a GameStop position, but they didn't
know what trading was, but they knew
about it and they were like, "No, no,
no. You should try it out. You should
keep going." And then I dug down the
rabbit hole and I was like, "This is
this is going to be on me." And then
>> eight months later, I was actually able
to become profitable.
>> Wow. Well, eight months after that.
>> Eight months.
>> Wow. What steps did you take within
those eight months do you think that
really helped you to become profitable
by the end of it? It's about I really
paid attention to what I did early in
trading and I always talk about how your
wins and losses all have common factors.
>> So I was journaling when I was taking my
you know crazy positions on on meme
stocks and I I was like and even when I
got out of meme stocks I started trading
the ES spy options right I was trading
more options back then and I was like
what are all the common factors for my
losses? Each single loss had a common
factor and it usually with ended up with
me overtrading and oversizing and that
just came from and then and then I broke
it down even further. Why? What is
causing that? It was me not being able
to accept a loss. I had to disassociate
myself from winning and losing from
being green or red on the day. If I'm
red on the day and I followed my system,
that's a win for me. But I was just
simply associating Pino with how I was
throughout the day. And that's where I
came to realization. I was like, "Look,
I'm going to lose. I'm going to take
losing trades. that's inevitable in this
in this space. And that's where I had to
have that self-realization and and I
kind of started working and getting
better with myself in terms of being
able to accept taking losses cuz I was a
very stubborn person.
>> Trading education is completely broken.
For years, the industry has been purged
and poisoned by bad actors, fake
results, and strategies hidden behind
pay walls. But in every industry, every
once in a while becomes a catalyst, a
moment in time for change. Now imagine a
world where elite trading education was
entirely free. Education with no hidden
agenda, verified trading results, and
real profitable strategies. All for
free. Welcome to Chart Academy.
Chart Academy is the world's first
all-in-one platform for trading
education. Chart Academy is free. No
catch, no upsells, no strings attached.
Worldclass trading education. Completely
free. Hi, my name is Randy Howell and
welcome to my Chart Academy Master
Class.
>> This is completely revolutionary, the
biggest change in trader education in 20
years.
>> My name is Karma Rosado. I'm a verified
7igure trader. I've been trading for 10
years now. The reason why a lot of
traders fail is because they ultimately
this work is about selfmastery. Trading
education will never be the same again.
Browse hundreds of hours of content in
forex, futures, stocks, options, and
crypto from the best verified traders on
the planet. All in one platform.
Experience a completely personalized
trading plan tailored to you and your
goals. Reach milestones, redeem points,
and earn rewards with a massive global
community. Whether you trade forex,
futures, stock, options, or crypto,
Chart Academy has something for you.
Join the weight list now and be part of
a movement that is going to change
trading education forever.
It's so interesting because you seem
very self-aware, right? and and
intellectual when it comes to your your
trading and sort of dissecting that
down. Was that something that has
presented itself or you've matured
through the trading journey?
>> I I think so because when I was 17, like
if I was talking to my 17-year-old right
now, I'd probably get annoyed at him or
whatever. Like, but now it's like the
the tra it kind of made me mature faster
than a regular 17-year-old would because
I was dealing with money, right? When
you're dealing with money, it's a whole
different ballgame. It's financial
stress and financial pressure. And I
think that helped me mature faster um
because I had to make decisions for
myself and a lot of people still don't
have to make decisions for themselves
till after college, right? So I was
having to make decisions for myself
early and those decisions had very very
big implications. I was trading real
life capital, real money and I didn't
want to work for eight months and then
all those eight months I was working is
just gone for nothing, right?
>> And that's that's why for me I feel like
trading helped me mature a lot. Um, and
it kind of became a and I helped me
outside of life as well. Like a lot of
things I try to look in a very positive
lens and things and that came from
trading. Like I I couldn't tell you a
turning point, but like I feel like I
just look at everything in a positive
light now. And and I was looking at this
even when I had my setbacks. I've had
major setbacks in 2022. I had major
setbacks even before my 900k payout,
right? And every time it happened, I
looked at, okay, what's the silver
lining behind this? What can I learn
from this? And I think the shifting my
mindset to that showed me how much, you
know, how mature I got as a trader and
as a person overall. And I think that's
helped me with relationships. It's
helped me with um, you know, life issues
and and trading issues as well. And and
I'm very grateful for it.
>> There's a lot to unpack there. I want to
start with one thing in particular,
which is like if you were to be speaking
to that 17-year-old Desi who's, you
know, lost $10,000 in the red, what
would you say to them? you know, at this
stage, you know, think of the audience
who may be in that scenario who who
haven't found that consistency yet. What
would your message be?
>> And I I'm blessed because my brother was
telling me the same message that I would
tell myself back then. So, he was
telling me, look, nothing good comes
easy or quick. The big thing that hit me
was quick. I was looking for quick
gratification, quick and that's how I
was as a person, I think, back then. I
was looking for that quick fix, the
quick uh money, you know, whatever the
case may be. and he told me, "Look, it's
not going to take it's going to take a
very long time. All these athletes who
put in so much time and became
professionals at what they're doing took
uh years and years and years of
excellence, right? So, this is not
something that's going to happen
overnight." Once I realized that and
like I said, having this is going to
kind of tie back to having that data.
Once you have that data, you can trust
the compounding gains. People don't like
compounding gains because they don't
have enough trust that it works because
they don't have the data for it. Once I
started building the repetition and data
for it, I was like, wait, if I just do
this the same thing over and over again
for one to two years, it'll work out.
So, I would tell myself, look, it's good
that you started. It's good you got your
foot in the door. Now, as long as you
learn from your mistakes, you'll be
fine. If you don't learn from those
mistakes, that is just a very, very like
imagine having mistakes and not learning
from it.
>> That that's a waste of time and effort.
But if you're learning from those
mistakes, that's another win. There's
only lessons and wins in my book. And
how did you overcome being in coming
from the red right quite early on in
your journey and it wasn't say you know
crazy amounts but equally wasn't a small
amount right
>> how did you overcome that because a lot
of people find themselves
>> in the in the red in the red and what
ends up happening is every time they do
trade and they try and be disciplined
try and follow an edge soon as things
start working out they remember oh
finally going to make extra money back
I'm finally going to you recover and and
be profitable and usually those thoughts
lead to oversizing or some form of
psychological issue. So how did you
overcome that barrier? Quite quickly may
I add cuz a lot of people including
myself was a two to three year period of
doing that right and a lot of the time
was simply because I was thinking about
the last losses or the accumulating
losses that had taken place in my
journey but you managed to do that in a
shorter space of time at a very young
age may I add as well. So luckily for
me, I had no real pressure. Like even
though I had blown my brother's bank
account, he was never on my ass for it.
He was like, you know, it's okay. It's
fine. Life happens. He's very
unmaterialistic. He doesn't really, you
know, and I'm blessed that he was there
to help me through that. Um, no one else
knew what I was doing around there. Let
me tell him and my cousin. So it was
good that I had no outside pressure. And
we'll we'll talk about the outside
pressure later in the episode. But while
I was working, I was also learning on
the side cuz I was only working like 8
hour shifts. So I had rest of the day to
kind of you know do my thing and I had
some school stuff but it was you know
especially over the summer I had a lot
of time. So I was building a strategy a
consistency and my strategy even
thinking about it now I was training
like EMAs. It wasn't the greatest
strategy but the psychological aspect of
me believing in okay let's see what
happens after two three months four
months 5 months that helped me became
pro become profitable more than my
strategy ever did because my strategy
was botched. It was not the greatest
strategy, right? Like now I'm thinking
about it. I was like I was kind of like,
"Oh, it was whatever." But since I was
following a certain set of rules and I
was no more than two losses in a day, no
more overtrading and things like that,
that's what helped me become profitable
and take that next step. And like I
said, having that realization so early
is what I think helped me uh become
profitable so early. A lot of people
of overtrading and discipline and all
that like later on, right? they'll build
a strategy and then they'll start trying
even do anything. So for me to have a
realization, also have that support
system telling me, "Hey, keep going. You
got it. Like it's okay. You have time.
You're only 17.
>> It's fine." That also helped me a lot.
So I I was blessed in the position I am.
And then you know the stars align
because school wasn't happening. I had a
lot of free time and it was summertime
COVID. So I had a lot of time to just
kind of think to myself and break myself
down. And I was like, "Okay, what do I
really need to do to make this work?"
And it all came down to just having the
set of rules and following them. And it
was as simple as just following rules.
And it's so simple saying it, doing it
is hard, but there's no quick way around
it. That is you just have to be someone
who follows your plan. You mentioned
data quite a lot, right? And dissecting
data, understanding your data so that
you can follow the rules essentially.
Well, first create the rules and then
follow them because you know what the
data represents and what it should lead
to.
>> But what is the process of collecting
data that people should be following?
And equally in terms of the data or is
there specific metrics that are more
important to you or you feel hold more
importance to a trader?
>> Okay. So I think the one I always
started off with on my journal was I
could probably send this to you. It's
like how am I feeling?
>> Did I sleep enough? How am I outside the
markets? If all that is checked off,
then I go into the markets. Okay,
what times worked out for me? Because I
I always like to journal, journal,
journal, and then like do a review after
a week or two just because I could see
the differences between my wins and
losses and why it happened. And some of
the losses were perfect. I followed
everything. It just become a loss. And
it's a game of probabilities. It's going
to happen. But a lot of the losses I was
trading in random times. I was trading
assets that I didn't even trade before.
I was trading options. I was trading
tickers that I didn't know. And I was
doing a lot of things that were random.
I try to eliminate the randomness from
my trading. And even now, right, I make
mistakes. I trade sometimes where I
don't feel like it's my system. I'm not
perfect. We're not, you know, and I
always categorize and I always go back
and it's always that randomness I'm
trying to avoid. If I can get something
where I have a clear-cut picture of how
it should be and how it how I want it to
be, I can live with the results of what
happens. Um, so yeah, definitely start
with how you're feeling outside the
markets. Break it down into little
things. Am I on the right time frame? Am
I what time frame do I like? And this is
all things you figure out as you live
test, back test, forward test, all that
good stuff. I prefer live testing
because you build market experience as
well um like through a demo account or
something like that. So, how are you
outside the markets? How are you, what
time frames are you trading? What asset
do you trade? Um and what time do you
like trading? Do you like trading a the
New York open? Do you like trading the
New York PM? It has to go down to the
nitty-gritty detail because one minor
tweak can fix your whole entire trading
strategy. And for me early on I was I
sucked at New York PM session and I
would give back my gains later on the
day that I got from the morning. So for
me it was like okay let me eliminate
that for a little bit and I saw found
more consistency. I found I found more
green and it was just going back in
every week every two weeks and tweaking
the things that I found common between
my losses and my wins. Like I said I
categorized my losses as something that
didn't follow my plan. If I took a loss
with my setup exactly how I wanted it
to, that's not a loss. That's a win in
my book. You should applaud that. you
should be happy about yourself that you
follow your system. It's the randomness
that I try to avoid.
>> It's interesting what you mentioned in
terms of reviewing the traits because
that's essentially what journaling
really is. I think a low most people
don't even document the traits
>> and then the ones that do a lot of them
just document probably connected to an
automated system or just collect
screenshots and then never review. Is
the power truly in reviewing the data
and trying to identify the trends and
the things that are correlating factors
both in the wins and losses?
>> 100%. Because like you said, people can
take screenshots, people can do
recording. If you're not looking at it,
what good does it serve you? You're here
to learn. You're always a student of
anything you do in life, sports,
trading, you're always going to be a
student. And there's always ways you can
improve it. Whether you improve mentally
or, you know, your strategy when you're
first starting off. And if if it's
almost
ignorant to look at something and it's a
common like common factor of why you're
losing and not going in and fixing it
like that that sounds so silly, right?
Like if you're struggling with something
and there's a very glaring reason on why
you're struggling, why would you not go
back and look at it? And I think people
if they need to have that data and you
have to review it. Reviewing is the most
important part. Like I said, a lot of
people collect it. They don't do
anything with it. What's the point in
that? You have to go back and look at
each little thing. This is a profession.
This is a livelihood. If you don't treat
it like that, you're going to go you're
going to go broke. You're going
to you're going to go down in your
you're going to be in debt and you're
going to be like, "Trading ruin my
life." No, trading didn't ruin your
life. You ruined your own life because
you weren't able to hold yourself
accountable. You weren't able to go take
30 minutes out of your day to review
something and you wanted all the glory
from it, but you didn't put any work
into actually getting to that area or to
that level. And and I think that's why
reviewing is so important. And I I will
ramble about psychology all day long
because I genuinely think that's 95 to
99% of trading
>> cuz anyone can learn a strategy. Anyone
could learn fundamentals.
>> I could teach a monkey how to draw
charts or draw lines on a chart. Right.
>> That's true.
>> We should test that.
>> We should. But it is true. Um and then
at the end of the day, it's how you
execute because even risk management
really comes down to your psychology.
You could have risk parameters or things
that you've said, okay, I'm only going
to risk this much. This is my risk to
reward. But without the psychology and
discipline to actually execute that to
the rules that you've set out, it means
nothing.
>> Exactly.
>> Right. And they're the stuff that is
pretty easy in my opinion. Like you can
learn to read a chart quite easily. Uh
you can learn the fundamentals quite
easily. You can you know create a model
for risk management quite easily. The
psychology element is the bit that
people in life struggle with let alone
trading itself. What I will say however
to the psychology thing and you did uh
mention this previously is that the data
will help your psychology because I
think a lot of people lack the data.
They don't journal right we already
discussed what they don't do but even
the ones who get to that stage um
because they don't understand their data
they blame psychology for their
problems. Ah my I've got my psychology
is why I lost this account or my
psychology always messes up. But in
reality, it's like, okay, if you haven't
done the data, you have no edge anyway.
>> Yeah.
>> Right.
>> So once you have the edge, it doesn't
fix your psychological problems. What it
does is it exposes the real ones.
>> Exactly. Right.
>> Um and you can lean on those experiences
to guide you forward. And I think that's
the most beautiful part about it is like
people have these losses and setbacks.
Like those are blessings in disguise.
Even when I go through my setbacks in
that exact moment, I'm like, look, I'm
going to look at this in a few months.
I'm like, you know what? I'm I'm
thankful this happened. And we'll get
into that later. But you have to lean on
previous experiences. You you can look
at someone else's experience, but until
you've been through it, you don't know
how it feels, right?
>> So looking at that and let's say you
have a bad trade or a bad run
>> and let's say you built up an account
and you blew it, right? Why? Look, you
built up an account. That's great. You
can get to that area again, but next
time you're there, you have something to
look back on and be like, let me not do
what I did here. And that is going to go
with indepth reviewing,
self-realization, and how every little
aspect of trading of how you were
feeling outside the market at that time.
How are you feeling inside the market?
Were the market conditions good? These
are little things you need to ask
yourself because that's what's going to
help you take the next step. Let's take
a break for a minute there, guys, cuz I
want to tell you about our incredible
sponsor, Alpha Prime, the first of its
kind in the industry. Now, evaluation
firms have been in the industry for the
last few years and done absolutely
phenomenal in terms of its impact for
traders. As you can see here through
Alpha Capital and futures, so many
payouts to so many traders across the
world. But now for the first time, there
is an incredible route for traders to
become professionals and to trade live
capital and that's through Alpha Prime.
So let me quickly tell you how it works.
You can just buy a challenge on Alpha
Capital, Alpha Futures, doesn't matter
which one. So Alpha Capital, you have
phase 1, phase 2, phase three
challenges. On Alpha Futures, you have
standard and advanced plans. whichever
one purchase a challenge, show
consistency, build your track record,
and then you can be invited to Alpha
Prime. Alpha Prime, you will get access
to live capital. You will get access to
risk management and resources at a
professional level. You will have a
salary as a trader and access to trade
on live trading floors starting here in
London. This is the first of its kind
where a evaluation firm is finding
talented traders and then backing them
with live capital and creating a route
to professional trading. I am very proud
to be sponsored by Alpha Prime. The
links for both will be in the
description below. Alpha Capital and
Alpha Futures. Use the code RZ for 20%
off all challenges. Link is in the
description below. Now, let's get back
to the episode. Let's take a break for a
minute there, guys, because I want to
tell you about our sponsor, Tradezeller.
Tradzella is the number one trading tool
for all traders. Doesn't matter whether
you're a crypto trader, a futures
trader, or a forex trader, whatever
trader you are, all you do is connect
your trading platform directly with
Tradzella. It automates and makes your
trading journaling so easy. If you want
to be a profitable trader, you need
Trading Edge. And that is exactly what
Tradzella does. It allows you to
identify edge, maintain your edge, and
optimize your edge by automating your
trade journaling, in-depth analytics,
back testing, bar replay, and so much
more. Now, W gets you 20% off your
yearly subscription with Trade Zeller.
So, use W for 20% off your yearly
subscription or Risk 10 for 10% off your
monthly subscription. The link is in the
to this episode. Some exciting topics
now, right? We'll move on from there.
I'm sure they'll still correlate in what
we're talking about, but let's go into
and there's other things we need to go
back to as well, but let's go into the
the payouts, right? Up to 2 million,
900k in a single payout. You know, first
of all, I'm going to be very blunt,
right? the the one thing I've always
seen when it's like Brian or you Orlando
or any of the guys who have done uh you
know quite large scale payouts is always
like oh they've probably spent 500,000
to make 900 or you know to make 2
million they spent a million what's the
reality you know what what's the actual
truth for you
>> so of what that looks like
>> I I'll talk about my Apex journey right
because this is something that's very
publicly documented I struggle on Apex a
lot all the way up until probably mid
>> I was I was down on Apex for probably
around 20,000 total my career. And it
wasn't me overleveraging or anything
like that. It was just me trading. I
just couldn't get I just couldn't do it.
I maybe I was trading bad market
conditions or whatever. Maybe I was
taking couple losses in a row that you
know with the trailing draw down I was
getting blown out. In August everything
changed
because I got 80,000 in a single month,
right? And I built it up to 380,000 10
days away from a max payout and I blew
it all. Right. So I obviously I wasn't
feeling good. I think you documented
this. I
>> remember it's all it's all public. I I
was not feeling well about this and I
was like, "Look, guys, I could have had
like almost a $400,000 payout. I blew
it.
>> But look, my ROI is positive.
>> I feel like I cracked the code. If I if
I got here now with Apex, I feel like I
could do it again."
>> I don't know.
>> So, you had 20K in expenses up until
that point, then had an 80K payout.
>> Yes.
>> And then you were running it up.
>> Yeah. I had a few couple payouts before,
but it was very small payouts. Like, it
was a couple accounts and things like
that. It wasn't anything major. So, I'm
like, look, I I've got the monkey off my
back. I I'm positive on Apex and look,
yeah, I spent 20,000, but in the grand
scheme of things, when you look at the
ROI of things, it's very minimal. And
it's profit trading. You're if you're
trading at the scale that, you know,
people trade, like we're trading at,
you're going to have expenses. You're
going to go through accounts. It's just
the nature of how the business is. I
trade my profits more aggressively,
right? Especially when I have that
buffer.
>> So, once I blew that 380,000, that one
stunk. That one was actually like damn I
I really could have had a you know I
could have put myself in a way better
position than I am right now.
>> So what happened there then?
>> So great question. It it my what I
talked about earlier not being able to
set the loss. I had 40 something days
and I got to day like 41 or something
like that. I hadn't taken a single loss
on the on in count. Not one single loss
and I was like you know what not only do
I'm going to get a big payout. I'm going
to get a I want to make sure I go green.
I took one loss right on the day and I
took another loss. My two trade rule
remained in in place. The issue was the
next day I came with more size
>> because
>> I kind of was trying to extract so much
profits that my highest day was around
$12,000 which means I needed $36,000 to
actually request a payout. Once I got
below that $36,000 threshold, I try to
get back to it as fast as possible. And
that led with me oversizing,
overleveraging. I still traded with my
two trades per day rule um for two
losses, but I was taking a lot of losses
back to back and I was oversized. That
that was the main thing. I was
overleveraged and by I think the fifth
or fourth day it it was done. It was
completely gone. It and I looked back on
it. I was like what an avoidable
mistake. And this is why I think support
system is great cuz I was Brian Atlanta,
you know, were very close and they're
like look look I think you were just
trying to go too fast too soon. You were
trying to get a max payout which is fine
but that doesn't mean you have to take
it in 10 days. You keep building the
accounts up and try to get to your
whatever goal you have over time. You
try to do it all in three, four days and
look what happened, right? And then a
key thing that everyone was telling
around me, my girlfriend is huge
support. She was like, look, you got
there once, you could do it again.
>> And I was like, you're right. I could do
it again. And I knew psychologically I
could do it again. And as soon as even
happened, it stung really bad. But I'm
like, thank God this happened because I
know when I'm be back and I'm at this
exact same position, I know what not to
do.
>> I don't know when it's going to be. It
might be a year from now. It might be
two years from now. It happened to be a
couple months after, right?
>> Do you feel like that's the only way to
truly learn lessons is to really
experience what the hardship feels like?
>> Unfortunately, I think it is cuz as much
as people were telling me don't do this,
don't do that, right? And I still went
out and did it. So, until you fall so
many times and you eat so many
times, you're like, "Okay, I'm done. I
just need to like relax." And lucky like
I had my live account going. I was the
money was coming in. It was all good.
So, at the end of the day, it wasn't
that big of a financial like hit on me
because at the end of the day, it was
still unrealized, right? But it was just
more of like I went back to the jeans
that I had when I first started and that
was something that kind of hurt me in
terms of like I kind of like it's like
getting you're like cheating on yourself
and I was like, damn, that was really
hurtful to myself. What's interesting
though is you were following that two a
day rule, but would you say that as the
days went on, would you say the quality
of the trades themselves, even though
you're following that rule, would you
say the quality of the trades themselves
were probably diminishing because of the
psychological sort of till/ pressure
that you were putting onto yourself?
>> Yeah, cuz I believe I took around eight
trades in 4 days. In a normal sense, if
you know who Desi Trades is overall, I'm
not taking eight trades in 4 days,
right? Like I this is not happening. So,
the quality of trades dropped, but the
main killer was the leverage.
>> Mhm.
>> I was trying to make back what I made,
what I lost two trades ago, three trades
ago, and the leverage got me. Normally,
I can take 30, 40 losses in a row and I
my account will be fine. I promise like
the way I size, the way I have my risk
set up, I'll be fine. But that tilt gene
came out and and it was scary and it
came out. And even now, till this day, I
don't day trade with a million dollar
portfolio because I understand like
look, I'm human. I might have a really
really bad day. If I'm going to blow an
account, I'd rather blow a $100,000
account than a million dollar account.
And that's just a raw reality of
trading. It's not me outing myself or
anything like that. I've been very
transparent about it. That's just how it
is. It's trading. Stuff could go south
really quick. Um, so for me, it was just
overleveraging and and I was I looked
back at I was like, that's such a silly
mistake. If I just went another 20 days
of just consistent base hits, I would
have got back to where I was.
>> So, how did you overcome that one?
Because similar to what we talked about
earlier, people struggle with like
acrewing these losses. I think partially
it's actually harder when you've had
success
>> and then you revert backwards.
>> Um and especially when it's a moment
where I imagine at that time would
$400,000 or 300 something,000 be quite a
large sum in one go in one payout.
>> To lose all of that in such, you know,
after 41 days of consistency and
discipline, eight days all gone. How did
you overcome that? Especially quickly
because then a couple months later, you
started the the journey again.
>> Yeah. So, for me, it was like I try to
look at the positive for everything. I'm
like, look, I got to that area. I got my
$80,000 in payouts from those accounts.
It's just about me getting back to it.
And for me, it was like I like I said,
common factor, right? This is where you
have to go back to that data.
Psychologically, I knew if I was going
back there, I'll succeed because my data
tells me I I looked up all the trades. I
those eight days of trading that I blew
up everything. Those are those eight
trades. That's when I I nitty-gritty
picked out every little detail to it.
Every how was I feeling every 30 minutes
of trading. How was I feeling every 30
minutes outside? How was my sleep? What
did I eat? What did I every little thing
I could dissect from it? I dissected it,
right? And for the most part, everything
was good. It was just a overleveraging
issue. So I was like, this is it's a
very simple fix. Mhm.
>> Me not pressing 10 minis, 15 minis. I
think the max on those 50k accounts are
10 minis. I was like, all I got to do is
not do 10 minis. That's it. That's
literally it. So, like I was like, let's
imagine my accounts could only do five
max. And that's that's what happened.
And then once I started my journey, I
didn't think those 15 accounts were
going to be at 16 $6,000 each. When I
got my 900k payout, it was just me
following my process day in and day out.
>> I started three micros,
>> got to about five to sixk buffer, one to
five micros, got to 8K buffer. Once I
got the buffer, I'm like, "Okay, I was
around $10,000 per account." I think I
was only like probably like 12 days in
or so. So, I was like, "Okay, this is a
really good start." Um, I'm building my
buffer. The marketing conditions are
great. That's another thing. These
generational runs don't happen without
the perfect marketing conditions. Um,
what we talked on chart fanatics on some
of the trades that I actually took for
those Apex accounts and it something you
have to wait for. You can't force, you
can't make, you know, lemonade out of
apples, right? You got to wait for that
exact moment where your strategy, where
you feel like you're in tune with the
market. And look, for me, I thought
November was great. Someone else might
think November was terrible. It all
depends on how we trade. My data set
that I had told me, this is where you
need to put your foot on the pedal.
These are the months that make your
entire year. And while I was grinding, I
was going, I was slowly scaling up.
Slowly scaling up. And what people don't
know is majority of my gains from those
accounts actually came within the last
four days.
>> Oh, really?
>> Because the market, like I said, the
market conditions were great. I was only
doing five minis. It might seem like a
lot.
>> So until those last four days, where did
you get to?
>> I was at So I went from around $24,000
from day 21 and by day 25 I was at
66,000.
>> Oh.
>> And it was simply me.
>> That's per account, is it?
>> Per account. I wasn't breaking any
rules. I wasn't overtrading. I wasn't
overleveraging. I was just very in tune
with the market. Exactly what we talked
about earlier. Like it was just
something that I felt like I had to put
my foot on the pedal. And look, I took
losses. I I I this was something that I
was like, "Okay, I took a loss. Let me
learn from the past experiences." You
see how this all ties together. It's
always about learning from the past
experiences. And look, when I took that
loss, I was like, I was like, "Oh, here
we go again." Right? And I was like,
"Okay, let me just take a breather. Let
me step back. Let me stop trading for
the day." I didn't even allow my second
loss to happen. Usually, two loss and
I'm done. That first time I took the
loss, I was like, "I'm shutting it down
for today. I'm just shutting it down."
and I came back, sized back down, built
it back up, and once I was back at where
I was, I continued with my five minutes.
And that's how I was able to secure such
a large payout. And people were like,
"Oh, you did it so quick. You did it."
So, like, it's been years in the making.
>> This didn't happen in 25 days. This
happened over the last five years,
right? This is something that and it's
random when it happens, right? If you
ask a lot of traders, no one, oh yeah,
in November, I'm going to go on a big
run. No, no one It's random. Whenever
the market presents itself, it tips its
hand. That's where you have to go and
attack. And I genuinely believe I
wouldn't if I would have got that 400k
payout. That would have been great. But
I don't think I would have got to where
I am at this level here because after
that loss, not only did my prop from
trading scale, my live account trading
scale, everything around me that
involving trading scaled heavily.
>> Feel like you unlocked the lesson that
it provided you unlocked like a
different level of trading.
>> It did 100%. And then my confidence
skyhigh, right? I'm I'm very I'm trying
to be a very confident person in myself
and my abilities, but it it was
everything was hitting very nicely. the
market was going how I wanted to. The
market conditions were good. I was
showing up, following my rules, and I
think without that loss, I would
probably not be at where I was doing
good before, too. I don't think I would
be where I am today. Um, and and that
loss is something that I'm going to look
back on. I'm like, thank God it
happened. That's what I said the first
time it happened. And that was the
second major setback that I had. The
first one, if you want to get into it,
yes, was in 2022.
>> I became profitable, right? End of 2021,
I struggled eight months became
profitable.
I dropped out of school,
>> right? Terrible. And Asian household,
Indian parents, they're like, "Oh my
god, what are you doing with so much?"
And it became pressure to trade. And
that pressure, I ended up taking a lot
of losses. I backed I was three months
of red, straight red.
>> And I was just like, I'm I'm like, I'm
not being school no more. Uh I feel so
much pressure because I'm not doing
anything else to improve my life besides
trading, right? And I learned so many
lessons through those three months. And
you know, back then I wasn't as mature
as I am right now. So when this when
this setback happened, I was like, "Oh,
you know what? It's fine." Back then I
was really I was like, "This is not for
me. I don't think this is for me. Maybe
I just got lucky." And this is, you
know, now I'm actually trying to see how
it truly is. And those setbacks, I think
that first setback was the best setback
I ever had in my life because as it kind
of pushed me into adulthood in terms of
taking care of myself because look, the
people around me were not happy with me.
the the what they had envisioned for me
was not going the way it was. I dropped
out of school. I didn't tell anyone.
Finished literally I'll never forget the
psychology class. It's funny because the
psychology class uh before I dropped
out, I finished literally last in my
class. I had like a 7% in the class and
I dropped out and all that. And in those
three months, I learned a lot about who
I was. And I was like, am I really cut
out for this? Am I someone who is going
to have impulsive decisions throughout
his life or throughout his young
adulthood? Am I someone who's not going
to be able to follow a simple plan? And
as much as I was doubting myself, the
people like my brother and my cousin
around me telling me no, no, you got
like it's fine. You know, it happens.
The setbacks happen. And now as a
trader, I understand like setbacks
happen all the time, right? You might go
a few months and being in the red, it's
normal. But back then, I was, you know,
I was like lightning. I was hitting
everything. And then I finally started
pulling back. And
>> I was like, if I can manage this,
>> then I know this this is cut out for me.
>> Yeah. So and and that's when I started
learning about futures towards the end
of the year of 2022 started in 2023 I
got into the profit space and once I got
to the profit space I think that changed
my life because there was so much
pressure of putting my own capital on
the line every single day as a decision
maker and not having you know I dropped
out of school so there's a bunch of
pressure with that prop firms allowed me
to leave that relieve that pressure
right I was only putting in a fixed
amount in terms of I was only putting in
a a couple hundred bucks for a profit
account and I felt like I was back to
trusting the process. I I was back to
taking it slow, compounding gains. Those
three months, I felt like I lost myself
in terms of I had I had made over six
figures by the time I dropped out. So, I
thought I was hot that I I could
not miss, I could not lose. So, once I
started losing, I was like, "Whoa, whoa,
whoa. This is not how I was supposed to
be." And I strayed away from the process
of waking up every day on time. I would
wake up in the most random times. I I
started reverting back to old habits,
bad habits. And luckily with the rules
that prop firms had, I could not afford
to overlever. I couldn't afford to do
any of this, right? Because look, the
the eval expenses is one thing, but the
time you spend on evalu
time back. I always weigh everything on
time versus actually dollar value. So
for me, I was like, okay, let me get
back to the process. And I was able to
go back into and getting payouts and
things of that. I was already I was
already profitable but I was in a down
stretch. Yeah. So I was applying my
strategy on the profit firms and I was
able to really trade again I feel like
freely and also just following my rules
and seeing how it works out in terms of
discipline and compounding my gains.
>> A bunch of things to go over there. One,
I'm just going to take it back very
quickly. when it came to the 900k
payout, did you recognize market
conditions were in your favor and then
went for the, you know, the accounts
again or had you already done the
accounts and then the markets just so
happened to?
>> So, it was kind of a late late November
is when the markets really started
turning in my favor, right? And that's
where I was like, okay, I think I can
make significant splash in this market.
Um, but I was building up my accounts
regular. The price action was okay. It
wasn't the great there was like a three
or 4 day stretch like I mentioned that
the markets were hot. I'm talking about
Asia, London, New York. And those are
the days I did not I don't sleep. I
trade every single session as long as my
model is presenting itself. And it was
presenting itself over and over and over
again. And a rule that I have is you
know my two loss rules, I won't trade.
There's no cap on how many wins I can
have in a day. If the marketing
conditions are good and favorable and my
setup keeps presenting itself, I will
keep going. And I think a lot of people
leave a lot of things on the table
because they're like, "Oh, I already
took two wins today, but there's another
great setup. Why not take it?"
>> Right? size down if you have to,
>> but people will do that for losses and
they'll keep going for the losses, but
they won't do it for the wins. You have
to capitalize on your wins. You have to
understand when the market's in your
favor, that's when you need to push.
Love that. So, they're so interesting
and that's a topic we'll come into a
little bit later as well. But going back
to then the three months that you spent
kind of like introspectively working on
yourself, developing yourself. What did
that look like in terms of like the
dayto-day of doing that? Were you quite
putting yourself in solitude almost in
terms of just really locked in on
yourself or were you still kind of doing
your day-to-day, you know, social
activities and so on?
>> I'm not going to lie, I did not I did
not do any social activity cuz I didn't
I didn't I was like I don't think I've
ever been depressed in my life, but I
think that's probably the closest I've
been to like damn like I'm really
 up bad. And it's almost like a
up bad. And it's almost like a
blur to me. Like thinking back on it,
even when it was happening, I was like,
how did I let three months pass like
that? M
>> time would just I feel like it was going
so fast and I had I had to grow up so
fast so quick and kind of have my own
responsibility because obviously my
parents take care of me. I was in my
living at my parents house but the the
it was just a disconnect in the house
because I they wanted me in school. I
wasn't in school and I couldn't tell
them about how I was losing because I
would support their claim, right? So it
was almost a blur on how it went by. I
remember a few things that I did to help
me was talking people talking with Lanto
and Brian. We had just not just met but
we were like you know still getting
custo each other. I was telling them
look this is what's going on. This is
how and luckily for me they're all in
the same situation in terms of dropping
out and pursuing trading full-time
>> and you know I I was kind of relying on
their experiences and and seeing how
they're navigating it versus how I'm
navigating it. They navigated it and
they just took it as a day-to-day
process while I was trying to make a
million dollars in two months, right? To
try to prove my parents wrong that look
this works. This is not um something
that is just because of fun. I I really
am doing this and I think I was trying
to prove others right. That's the
realization I came to. I tried to prove
others right and I wasn't trying to do
this for myself when I started doing for
other people in terms of how much I had
to make. I started going away from the
system, going away from the charts and
letting money kind of dictate what I was
doing instead of the actual chart
itself. And look, my parents, I
understand where they came from. Like,
if my 17-year-old son dropped out to
pursue trading, something that no one's
ever done in my family, right? I would
be skeptical, too. I'm like, "Look, are
you sure this is a decision you want to
make?" So, I understand where they're
coming from. They didn't mean it as like
a term, like they hated me or anything
like that. They look, it was all love.
Um, but it was just that extra added
pressure. And you know, luckily I was I
was able to be like, "Okay, I got to do
this for myself again and remember why I
was doing it and who I was doing it for
and what the overall long-term picture
was."
>> As part of that process to be able to do
that in real time when you're trading,
as we talked about, when you take
losses, you assign the losses to past
losses and and they're crewing up. Same
with when you're overcoming that and
profits are starting to rise hopefully
and you're seeing consistency. A lot of
the time we revert back to either losses
or we revert to the future of this is
what I can finally buy or I can finally
be here. So a large part and then going
back to what you were just saying in
terms of the reflection of this outside
pressure and starting to try and get
results to appease that pressure to
remove that pressure and to prove
yourself. But externally
to really change that you have to then
become present right
>> and be in the present especially as a
trader be in the present moment just you
and the market and taking the reflection
of the market and you know making your
decisions accordingly
>> and not allowing any outside influence
past present uh past or future or
anything outside of just that trading
environment. How do how do you go about
doing that on a day-to-day basis? What
processes do you have in place to try
and be as present as possible when
trading?
>> I actually when I was happening, right,
and I hated it cuz my setup was so close
to my room and bed. So, I would be lazy,
just literally roll out of bed into my
chair, right? So, I was like, look, I
need to rewire the way I kind of do
things.
>> I need to like at least I started going
outside before the market open and just
kind of like realizing, okay, we're
alive. We're going like this is this
we're doing here. We're here. We're not
going to be lazy about it. We're not
going to be groggy about it. And then I
started putting into more um rules that
if I wake up late, I'm not going to
trade. And that allowed me to be more
present because when you just stare at a
chart the whole time, you what happened?
Where did the time go?
>> What am I doing? Right? So it was just
taking breaks while trading as well. And
I still do this. Um after I live stream,
I'll go on a walk
>> just to get back into the rhythm of
things and kind of put my mind off of
trading and and just getting back to the
real world. Anything I could have done
to go back to the real world and kind of
realizing what's happening, that's what
I would do. And then back at home for me
was just going literally in the
backyard, maybe go playing with my uh
pet, things of that nature, just to get
myself out of that room, out of that
environment. Cuz when I step in that
room, I understand like, okay, now it's
time to be back to where I was, and
that's should be better than I was
yesterday. So, it's just being aware in
terms of doing things that aren't
trading related throughout the day,
whether it's it could be the small
things like going to get coffee or, you
know, walking outside, whatever the case
may have be anything crazy. Um
uh I started listening to prayer a lot
too just before the market open just to
get myself kind of going and you know
being grateful for what I have. It was I
was starting to get greedy
>> and I was th starting to realize that
look where is this greed coming from?
Like I was never a greedy person to
begin with and all of a sudden now that
I got into trading I all I was thinking
about more and more and more and more
and more. I had to pull back. I'm like
look I'm grateful for the life I live.
I'm grateful for everything around me
and this is a opportunity that most
people don't get, right? A lot of people
can't trade cuz they can't. It's too
whether than what country they're in,
whether whatever the case may be, they
can't trade and this is a opportunity.
This is a privilege
>> to do so. And that helped me stay
present and obviously work myself back
up.
>> I love that. That's a great sentiment uh
to have because, you know, something
that we could easily reflect on when
looking at social media is the fact that
that's all we ever see. you know, all we
ever see is the cars, the money, the
payouts. Um, and it's not even in a
malicious nature, right? It's not like
everyone's crewed together and said,
"Let's just focus on this and post
this." No, but it's just the reality of
our industry that that's primarily what
we see. And it kind of and not even just
in our industry, in society as a whole.
>> So therefore,
>> it's almost a trick, you know, what you
once wished for, you have now.
>> But now you want
>> more. more you want the next thing. And
it's not a bad thing.
>> It's not,
>> right? But it's something to be aware of
because again, it's like
>> those are the things that can creep in
as a trader in particular. Those are the
little things where left unchecked
>> can cause you so much damage.
>> Um, so I love that reflection.
>> Yeah, there's like a huge difference
between pushing yourself to be the
greatest that you can and being pure
greed in terms of what you want. And
there's a very fine line between it. And
once you like right now, right, like I
like when I was first starting to trade,
I like, "Oh, when I get to this level, I
can't wait to buy this Lamborghini, buy
this car." But now I'm like, "Look, that
really doesn't interest me at all."
Right? For me, what interests me is yes,
I want more in terms of like I want to
keep trading. I want to get more capital
and things of that nature. As long as I
go about it, go about it the right way,
it will happen. It will happen. I'll
push myself when I need to be pushed in
terms of like, okay, let you know, maybe
the market's really good. I'm like,
let's see what I can really do, right?
Yeah.
>> Stuff like that. not was like, "Oh, I'm
going to go just because I I have the
capital to do. I'm going to do 100 minis
just to get, you know, extra 200k so I
can go buy a car and others like that."
It's a very fine line between wanting
more for yourself and also wanting more
for the wrong reasons. Don't know where
the market's going next? Stop worrying
about your trading. Just get informed on
exactly what's happening in the markets
and what to expect. From Forex to
futures to stocks to crypto, be on top
of it all. That's why tens of thousands
of traders are subscribed to Market
Journal, a free newsletter that allows
traders to keep up to date with the
markets every single week. Remember, an
informed trader is a profitable trader.
It doesn't matter if Trump tweets, AI
stocks are pumping, or if Bitcoin drops
out of the sky, Market Journal has you
covered. Join for free today using the
link in the description below. Well,
this is what I wanted to ask you for
based on what you were saying earlier in
terms of your confidence skyrocketed. I
wanted to ask like as a trader, how do
you keep that line as you said that fine
line between having confidence in
yourself and your ability but then ego
>> coming in and impacting your trading.
>> And I I think this it's it's a very
expensive way to do it. Like for me, I'm
talking about from my personal
experience. For me was
>> I didn't realize I had that ego until I
took that 380K loss. I thought I had
completely got it out of my system.
Right?
>> So once I once that happened, I'm like,
damn, that ego is still there. like I
need to be able to relax when I when big
numbers are presented in front of me.
And the thing with confidence is my
confidence is built up over time through
data and things of that nature. But it's
also when you break new thresholds. I
feel like my confidence goes to a level
where I didn't think it could get to and
you got to like I said it's a very fine
line between ego and confidence. Right.
Right now, I don't feel any. I think I
Oh, thank God for I think I should be
good now cuz that loss helped me so much
in terms of who I was and eliminating
that ego to the best of my ability.
Look, it might happen again. I can't sit
here and be like, you know what, I'm
going to be the perfect trader for the
rest of my career. Look, I might take
another big loss and maybe my ego creeps
back up. As long as I can learn from it,
I understand it's not going to present
itself very often, right? Like that was
my really my second biggest blow up
since 2022, right? And that's what three
years. So understanding that I could
reach thresholds that I never thought I
could get to, that keeps my confidence
high. Understanding that I took big
losses because I was unable to control
myself, that's where I try to keep
myself humbled and understand, look,
this can go wrong fast. You need to keep
yourself humble, keep yourself relaxed.
And I think little things like listening
to prayer really helps because it kind
of just is soothing. it. They talk
about, you know, not being greedy and
being grateful for what you have. So,
just be having little check-ins with
yourself throughout the week, throughout
the month, and seeing, look, this
exactly where I wanted to be at, right?
And once you start being grateful for
yourself and what you have in life, I
think the the ego slowly slowly starts
getting eliminated.
>> We need to talk about your blueprint to
profits, right? What is the blueprint
that you follow when it comes to trading
profits?
>> So, the thing with proper is people love
going fast early, right? They love going
full leverage early. I think if if I
trade them pretty aggressively compared
to what I do in my live account, right?
What I do is I will take my time
building the buffer of whatever I need.
Let's say um on top step, right? Let's
say the the cap for payout is at 5K. I
don't need to make 30K in a day. What is
that going to do? Nothing. I can only
request 5K per account, right? So, it's
just building over time. And similar to
with my Apex, right? I was building it
over time. overtime and when the
marketing conditions present themselves,
that's where you take the risk, right?
Look, I'm happy if if I get to my
accounts to like, let's say, $7,000 per
account and then the market's really in
my favor and I'm starting to step on the
pedal. If I blow my accounts, as long as
I'm following my rules, I'm like that,
I'm fine with it. I think the
risk-to-reward in terms of getting a
higher balance and build the buffer that
I built was there. If you're doing it
off of fresh accounts where you have no
draw down, then obviously there's an
issue, right? they're just going to go
through the rinse and repeat cycle. But
I don't mind going heavy on a prop firm
if it's aligned with my system and if I
have the buffer enough to take a couple
trades back if I need to and kind of
relax after a loss. And if I do take a
loss, it's fine because that's the
mindset I came in with. I can't stray
away from the plan. When I start
straying away from the plan, that's when
becomes the issue. And there's some
problems that have consistency rules.
>> People hate consistency rules. They're
like, "Oh, they're predatory. They don't
want you to win. Look, for a lot of
people, consistency rules is probably
beneficial. If you can only make 500 a
day to get a payout, that'll probably
help you not overtrade, over leverage,
because at the end of the day, it's like
you only need a few hundred bucks,
right? So, there's no reason to do five
minis, three minutes, four minutes. You
can do micros and go and go about your
way that way. And I think it's a great
thing for the people who complain about
it are the people the same people who
aren't even getting payouts, right? And
I'm like, look, that right there, people
hate it because it forces you to follow
your system day in and day out. People,
oh, one loss sets you back five days.
Are you hitting max loss every single
time you're trading a profit? If that is
the case, then that's the issue and that
you're not even trading. So, I think
those accounts are good for people,
especially starting off because they
force you to trade the right way. And
when you don't trade the right way,
that's when you go through the process
of being down thousands thousands on
prop firms. And and those are just two
ways I trade different props. If if it
has a consistency rule, I'm gonna take
it passively. Like there's no reason for
me to even go for big days. But if
there's like incentive like a live
account that's a big top step offers a
pretty big live account. If the
marketing conditions are presenting
themselves and I have a buffer, I'll
step on it. If I blow the accounts,
guess what? I follow my rules. It is
what it is. And that's how I pretty much
approach profms. And then on live
accounts, it's let's say take profit
live account, right? They start you with
$4,500 and you have to run it up. For
me, there's no time limit on anything.
There's no payout cap on anything.
There's no consistency rule. I'm going
to trade it how I trade my own live
account. I'm going to take it day by
day, step by step. Build it over 30, 40,
50, 60, 70, 80 trading days. I'm not
going to go heavy. Even if the market
conditions are presenting it themselves
because it's a live account, you got to
treat as a live account. And uh a lot of
people struggle with that. When they do
get to live account, they still treat it
like their funded account.
>> I think you should trade your live
account way more passively than you
should a funded account, right? And
those are the three. So it's a eval,
there's a funded, and there's a types of
funded, whether you have tops, set, we
have a consistency rule, and there's a
live account. Each one I trade a little
bit differently. And I still follow the
same rules though. I still follow the
same model. I'm not straying away from
my plan that I hear for each one. And
that's the biggest thing is it's not
straying away from the plan.
>> When it comes to prop firms though, as
you mentioned, there could be different
rules that are in place depending on the
firm. Are there specific rules that you
want to look out for? because you know
that could impact what you need to do
and the decisions you make. Is there any
specific rules that really stand out to
you in that regard?
>> Yeah, I think trailing draw down is the
biggest one and Apex actually has it.
So, quick example, if you're up $100 and
you have $2,500 draw down, if you go
back to break even, you only have $2,400
of draw down.
>> So, that forces me to trade even more
passively than I'm comfortable with or
used to. And it's it's a big shift
because I'm nor I'm trading certain size
in certain ways, but that makes me trade
a little bit differently. I'll take
smaller size. Maybe I'll close the trade
before TP1 just because that little
slight pullback before take profit one,
it can really affect my P&L in terms of
how much draw down I have left. That's
the main rule that I look out for is
trailing draw down. If the firm has it,
that doesn't mean it's a bad firm or
anything, right? Because Apex is really
rewarding if you actually get through
that phase, right? Unlimited payout. But
it is something that you need to be
watching out for because take profit
trader on the funded account version it
do the same thing.
>> Oh really?
>> Yeah. It's it's trailing draw down for
the first until you get above the buffer
and then it becomes end of day draw
down. So it's just recognizing what
platform you're trading with. A lot of
people complain about it. Don't trade
it. Right. There's so many problems out
there. Just don't trade it. If you're
going to complain about trailing draw
down, but trailing draw down, honestly,
I feel like people who can't get past
it, it exposes them in terms of how
consistent and disciplined they actually
are. All you need to do is size down.
That that's the biggest thing. So, for
me, that's the only thing I look out
for. If the prop firm has that, that
doesn't mean it's bad. I just size down
and let time do the heavy lifting.
>> How do you go about managing all these
different accounts with these different
prop firms? Are you doing it se you
segregating them or
>> collectively? I'm always someone who is
focused on one profit at a time.
>> Okay.
>> Right. I cannot I don't know how people
do it when they trade 20 accounts at
once or they have like three different
trade of eight broker web browsers up.
I'm trading one platform at one time. I
I was really wanted a you know a run on
Apex. That's what I was going for. So I
just focus on Apex for those few months
and I was like this is what I'm going to
>> I'm not going to trade any other firm.
I'm not going to trade. Cuz what happens
is for me, I don't like using copy
traders cuz I feel like they're kind of
faulty at times. So if you're trading so
many different accounts, one of them is
a bound to take a trade that's not high
probability. How many trading setups are
you going to get per day? Right? For me,
I don't think that's worth it. So for
me, I like I'm only going to trade one
prop firm and until I get what I want
from that prof, I'll move on. So now I I
feel like I accomplished Apex. Now I
want to move on to take profit trader.
I'm interested in live accounts. I'm
interested in what Lanto did running up
$4,500 to $600,000 each and I feel like
I could do that. So, it might take a few
months, it might take some time, but all
my attention in terms of prop firms are
towards that because at the end of the
day, as much as I love propers now, I
love trading my live account. There's
nothing trading like live account,
whether it's options, whether it's swing
trading, futures, I love love trading my
own capital, getting the money whenever
I want and all that. And that's why I
traded props in the start. That that was
my goal is to get my capital so I can
trade large amounts of capital on my
own. Whether it's my swing trading
account, my long-term portfolio, things
of that nature. The props are just there
to give me extra capital on the side.
Yeah,
>> that's what I always seen it as.
>> So, yeah, trading one profit at a time,
that's what works for me the best.
>> Interesting. And would you say that prop
firm trading is very different to live,
you know, cash account trading?
>> I would because there's no daily loss
limit on your Robin Hood account. I
mean, I'm pretty sure you could probably
implement it, but there's different ways
you approach the live trading because in
prop firms, you can trade 10 accounts,
you make $200, that's $2,000,
>> right? And that's good. But on a live
account, you kind of have to a little
bit more passive in terms of how are you
trading them. Like, let's say the market
conditions are good. That doesn't mean
I'm going to push it, you know, as I
would on my top sub account. But I
normally go to swing trading. platforms
don't allow swing trading, but swing
trading on my live account is something
that I am very passionate about. I think
swing trading is overall better than day
trading. So, being able to capture those
full moves and also managing the
positions throughout. I think you
there's more managing, there's more risk
management involved, and there's more
you being comfortable with what your
loss is going to be because on a live
account, there's no rules. No one's
going to watch over you. There's no
daily loss limit. You could blow your
entire live account in one day. I've
seen it happen so many times with so
many people. There's people whether
they're in the discord on my discord or
people I've heard stories about is like
300 $400,000 live accounts and they
drain them all in one day. So you have
to be comfortable with the risk you
have. This is why whatever I'm
comfortable with risking I'll risk even
less than that.
>> Let's say I'm fine with taking a 10k
loss which I am
>> but I'll put in like let's say I'm in an
options position right I have a 10k
loss. I'll just put in 6K because maybe
if I hit that 10K I want to keep going
to get it back or whatever the case may
be. So, I know what I'm comfortable with
losing every day on a day-to-day basis.
Um, and that's just how it is for live
account. You just got to take it slower
and build it over time cuz that's the
account you want to use for as long as
you trade, right? That's not something
you want to cycle over and over and
deposit more money cuz that is something
that you should be building your
long-term positions off of and something
that, you know, 10 20 years from now you
still have.
>> Mhm. Do you ever find yourself
looking at No, sorry. Do you ever find
yourself when you may have had a poor
performance on the prop firm side or
even had a great performance, have you
ever found anything sort of seeping over
to your cash account in terms of some,
you know, bad habits or, you know, rule
breaking?
>> Never. That that is one thing I keep
very separate from each other is my prop
trading and my live account trading.
Obviously, I prioritize my live account
trading way more than I do my prop
trading. And if I have a really bad day
on props and I'm like not really like in
the right mindset and I'm kind of having
that like h I don't know what the
market's going to do, I just won't trade
my live account. My live account I I
don't touch it very often. I only touch
it during when the volatility is high or
when we're tapping into like let's say a
higher time frame um having a higher
time frame move and like a monthly fair
value gap or something like that that
resonates with my trading system. That's
when I'll take positions on my live
account. I'm not always taking positions
on my live account. It's very rare that
I'll even open new positions on my live
account.
>> So, I keep that very separate, very um
you know, the mindset's completely
different for that. And if I do have a
bad day on props, I just won't look at
it completely.
>> Got you. And one thing we haven't talked
about surprisingly or unsurprisingly is
um you did transition. You mentioned
earlier that your strategy was more like
sort of moving averages and this sort of
base,
>> but now you're an ICT trader. Um, so
when did that sort of come into your
journey and what did that development
look like when it came to sort of taking
in all of this content and all these
different concepts?
>> Mh.
>> How did you structure that? What was
your learning process like? You know,
what would you maybe have done better
looking back?
>> So, I talked about in the beginning how
all my losses, I was trying to eliminate
the randomness. And I felt like with
moving averages and and the strategies I
was using with supply and demand, I felt
like my stop loss and my take-profit
areas were just too random. So I wanted
a in-depth clarification on why I would
have my TP somewhere, my stop loss
somewhere. And that's where I got into
ICT. Brian actually introduced me to
futures and ICT and we watched a bunch
of videos together and I feel like my
entire process learning ICT was pretty
open-minded. It was completely different
from what I was doing and it didn't make
sense at first. I think the only thing I
would change when learning it was
>> test it more on props first before I did
it on anything real cash accounts or
anything like that. I feel like I got
into it a little bit too early in terms
of my cash account. So I took some
losses because they weren't big losses
but they're like almost demotivating
>> but I looking back I didn't have enough
data to support what I was doing. So it
comes back to having that data and it
like I said it was just complete
randomness. It eliminated that. I knew I
felt like I had a different clarity in
the market like I knew why it was going
down to these highs. Oh, it's a London
high right there. No wonder the market's
going to those highs and reversing or
this is a where are we bouncing from?
It's a hourly fair value gap. No wonder
we're you know kind of respecting that.
So for me it was just a clarity thing. I
love every strategy. I think every
strategy works because at the end of the
day the if you don't have the psychology
then nothing's going to work. If you
have the psychology you can have a boss
strategy and it'll work right. But for
me, ICT learning it, it was a great
experience in terms of I was learning it
with Lanto and Brian. So, we're all
three would hop on a call, we would
grind out the videos, we'll take notes,
and we're like, "Okay, let's see how we
can apply it to the real market."
Whether it's through demo trading,
through profit trading, like I said, I
did on my cash account, too, which I
probably should have taken a step back,
but it was just seeing the applications
play out in real life. And I was like,
"Wow, this is amazing." Like,
>> this is how I want to trade. And then I
started building, like I said, ICT is a
huge umbrella, right? Then I started
taking a few concepts at a time like
okay there's a lot of concepts not
everything that I learned from those
videos I like. What do I like and what
do I need? I needed that extra
confirmation. So, I got into inversion
fair value gaps that helped me with my
bias that helped me confirm the way the
market's going to move. And little stuff
like that over time, I built it and I
built a system that I felt like look,
it's not the perfect system, 65% win
rate roughly, right? It's not the holy
grail in terms of you're never going to
lose or anything like that, but it's
something that works with me. And I
think over time, um, as time's going to
keep going, it's going to keep working.
And I have so much data now to support
that. And I'm glad I made the transition
when I did because that's when I got
into futures as well and that's when I
got into proper. So like I said that
2022 summer period I had the really bad
three-month stretch and then going into
that winter is when I actually started
learning about uh futures proper ICT and
I think everything happens for a reason.
Maybe if I was having a good summer I
would like no I don't need to learn ICT.
This is not something I'm interested in.
But I was like okay I'm taking so many
losses and things like that. let me see
if there's another way I can look at
this market because I got cocky when I
was winning early, right? So for me it
was like I stopped becoming a student of
the game. So once I learned ICT, I felt
like I was in that student mindset again
and that really helped me uh learn
because I love learning new things. Even
now today like I try to learn something
new every single day. It's some stuff
are very interesting to me. Um so
learning that with a group of guys that
I learned it with two of the most
amazing people I've met in the trading
space by far. They are literally my best
friends when it comes to all this and
and it was just a fun experiences too.
You got to make it fun too. You can't
just make it especially when you're
learning. I get it. Trading is boring
itself. Um but when you're learning it's
okay to have some fun, you know, make
jokes or whatever and and understand
that this is going to take a while. And
ICT was learning. It's like learning a
different language. But over time, like
I said, through the data, I kind of
modeled my own model and there that was.
Is there anything that really stands out
to you from the ICT sort of umbrella
that you traders should probably just
avoid?
>> Just avoid. I think there's so many
entry models and concepts and things
like that. I think all you really need
is to focus on a few things is honestly
one thing you need to focus on like my
girlfriend, she learned how to trade and
she already has payouts within like the
first 6 months and the only thing she
trades is liquidity. That's it. M
>> and I think that's the only thing as a
ICT trader you need to really know is
withdrawal liquidity. The entry model
really doesn't matter as much as where
you know if you know where the market's
going right so avoid all the all the new
PD rays that he even talks about. I I
love ICT. I had conversation with them
on Twitter space but he's still putting
out new content. I'm like look only
thing you need is liquidity and maybe
like a one entry model that you can rely
off of and and that's about it. That's
all you need and everything else could
be very very avoidable. Okay. It's a lot
of repetition of what the same thing
over and over and over again.
>> Mhm. And one thing I want to ask you,
it'll be interesting to hear your take
uh based on your journey and everything
we've discussed so far, but like what is
the worst trading advice you've ever
heard?
>> The worst trading advice I think I've
ever heard was when people would try to
like put their like it's not even advice
when try to put their experiences on
someone else.
>> It's like it's hard to know what
someone's talking about without going
through it. Like people can listen to me
right now. It's going to be hard to
visualize it if you haven't gone through
it yourself. Let people fall. Let people
get back up. Let people fall again and
get back up again. I think that's the
best way to learn. People try to be so
perfect at avoiding little mistakes,
avoiding little cracks in the road where
they might fall over. Look, you need to
fall.
>> You need to go and have those setbacks
and that's how you're going to be able
to progress. Um, so anyone who tries to
say, "Oh, avoid doing this. Avoid do
that." No, let them do it. Let them
learn from it. Right? That that's the
whole thing about life. like stop trying
to avoid stop trying to tell people to
avoid to do something when that is not
necessary for su for growth but it can
propel you to grow
>> and that that's what I would say is let
people try different things they fall
let them get back up
>> and what would be on the opposite side
of that the best trading advice you've
ever heard
>> let time do the heavy lifting and one
thing I kind of told myself is slow down
to speed up if you just let yourself
compound over years of years and years
you'll be in a way better spot than if
you try to run a marath or try sprint a
marathon, right? And look, this trading
space, this training journey is going to
take a long time. So, it's just
understanding that over time is where
all the rewards are going to come from.
It's not going to come from the first
year, second year. It might, right, in
in some people's cases, but majority of
the success and what you want from
trading, your why on trading is going to
happen down the line. And that's just
the most important thing to learn. Like,
it's going to be a very long game and
it's going to be a stressful game. So,
you got to keep yourself in check, keep
your mental in check. If you want to
take breaks, take the breaks. And
overall, just it's just about you having
a passion for it, doing it, and letting
time, like I said, do the heavy lifting.
>> And for you personally, how would you
what would your definition of a trader
be?
>> My definition of a trader is someone who
doesn't base their day off of trading
and doesn't base their day off of wins
or losses, but whether following their
system. For me, a trader is someone who
as soon as they walk out their office,
they leave everything in the office.
They don't bring it out on your your
spouse. They don't bring it out on their
kids. They don't bring the work side of
things back home because you need to be
remain professional and understanding
like that is completely different from
this. Yeah, you might be stressed out,
but why put the stress on someone else?
And like I said, if you follow your
system, if you disassociate winning and
losing from being red or green on the
day, I think that's a true trader in my
eyes.
>> I love that, Desi. I'm sure we could do
this for way way way longer. We are
about to cuz we are going to go into an
incredible round table which we won't
expose too much details but you will be
seeing that very very soon no doubt
after this video.
>> Uh but desi hopefully we can have you
back in the future. Uh I don't know if
your chronics is out yet or not but look
out for that if it's here on screen or
if not it'll be coming soon. But
everyone drop your biggest takeaway from
this episode in the comment section
below. The links for Desi are in the
description below. So, make sure you
check those out. Also, and other
episodes are on screen. Make sure you
like, subscribe, and until next time,
take care.
