Now this is lecture one in which we will understand
 
about EMA, what EMA is,
exactly what EMA is.  Now
before I start, I want you to remember,
if you remember, you might have
seen a collaboration of mine with Sir Peter Tuckman.
Where he
talked about his experience.  He has
experience of about 40-42 years.  And
his friend David Green
also uses EMA.  So I learned a
few things from him.  My personal
experience: I did research and everything
in the market for about 9-10 years, so I am going to explain everything to you one by one,
exactly what EMA is.
He told me some things which
increased my conviction and gave me more
confidence and I understood that
no, I do
not need anything more than this now.  Apart from this, I use
other concepts as well about which
you will see things further.  But
anyways in this we are going to read about the complete EMA.
So EMA is
exponential moving average.
This is its full form.  Now if we
remove the word exponential and
focus only on moving average then you will
understand that moving average is actually
like average.  If we
talk about moving, then moving means you already know it is going on.
Right?  And average means average
thing.  Now what is the average exactly?
You must have read
I am sure average concept in fifth or sixth or seventh class.  I will get it
revised.   It is
very simple and to revise it let
us go to my screen.
You must have understood the meaning of moving, anything which is
moving.  Right?  If we talk about average,
here you will see this candle.   There are
four things in this candle.  Four things are there.  The
first is open.
The second is low,
high and close.  Ok?  So this opening price has happened
here.  Look, he has made this here.
This is its highest point and this is its
close point.  This is what we
see in the values ​​above here.  So the candle opened
at 22,907.  It has made a high of Rs 22,920.  Look, it is
made for Rs 22,899.
It closed at 22,912.
Now if we take this here, how many values ​​are there
?  There are four values.  This will result in an
average point of four values.  For example, right now
our highest
point is 920.  The lowest point is 899.  So let us
assume its
average price to be 22910.
Now I hope you have understood the concept of average.
Ok?  In this way, each candle has
an average point.  Now when we
use EMA, we
enter the particular value in the EMA.  So like
we ever enter at value.  Sometimes we
enter the value nine.  Sometimes it also happens that
you might have seen 15 people.  You might have seen
people using the concept of 915 EMA.
I use 833.  Many times
people use 100, 44
, 50 and 200.
So what do all these numbers actually mean
?  Why is everyone using different numbers
?  Just now we calculated the average of one candle and
it came out to be 22910, we are
taking an approximate number.  Similarly,
every candle opens and closes in different positions
, makes a high of different numbers and a
low of different numbers,
so it also has an average number like this.  Now
whenever we use 8 value in EMA
, it means it is showing you the average of 8 candles.
If someone enters 200 there,
it means that the average price of 200 candles is being shown to you.
Now if we go to major from here.
Understand this very carefully.  If we
go to measure now, then
if you look between here and here, look here, there are 89
bars.  Now 89 bars means
89 candles correct?  And you will see
that sometimes the price has gone up, sometimes it has come down,
sometimes it has come up, sometimes it has come down.  None of the
candles are the same.  Prices have also increased in
many places.  The price has also fallen, a lot has
happened.  So if we apply 90%
EMA here.  If we enter the value 90
in EMA, then
whatever price has gone up and down in these 90 candles.  Like the
price has closed here also.
The price has closed here also.  Then the price has
also increased.  Then the price has also fallen.  It has
also happened sideways for some time.  Then it went down further.
And it has gone down.  Then it has increased
last time.  Anyway, whatever has happened, there is
no single defined number in all this.  It's just going up and down.
But
as soon as we enter the value 90 there, it will
show us the average of the last 90 candles.   That
means, whatever the market has risen or fallen in the last 90 candles,
we will get an average of that.  Ok?  This is
basically the work
of EMA.  Now different people have different thought
processes and different ways of doing things.  Some people
use 9:15.  Some people use 921.
Some people, some people mean the same thing.  I
use 833.  This is very famous.  9:15
921 is also used by many people.  721 I have
seen 200 EMA everyone just uses.
Some people are using these shorts, everyone is
using different averages.  The indicator
is the same but there are different averages.  And it is
showing you a particular data.  Now just
imagine.  If I tell you,
we just saw a small candle.  Its
average came out to be
922910 for
one candle and there are four values ​​in one candle.
Similarly, if I tell you to
draw two candles, then two candles mean a
total of eight values.  Eight means open,
high, low, close.  There are four in one and two have
eight.  Now if you have to do the same for 100 candles and
find the average, how
difficult it will be for you to calculate.
You will get completely confused.  But
we can see this entire calculation from a simple thing.
That is EMA.  So EMA
is not rocket science.  The basic concept of maths,
that of average, is being
shown to you in the chart.  Now keeping that in mind we
can make many plans.  There are a lot of
dynamics that we
can understand.  Like average
is a big concept in itself.  Which average to use when
, which average
is strong and weak at which place, which average will
tell you the trend, which average will
show you the support resistance.  This method has
multiple use cases and different numbers
of use cases.  But in short the work of EMA
is to show you the average and EMA
shows it to you in this way through average calculator.
Now if we talk about its first word
exponential because as
I told you, this is how simple
moving average works.
Most people use the exponential moving average because it is
dynamic according to the price movement.  That is,
how fast the price is
increasing.  The value that is being
entered in basic numerical form is there.  Along with that,
he also adapts very well to how fast the price is rising and how fast the price is falling.
After opting for end
shows you more precise value.
This is basically the work of
exponential moving average.  And this is the
difference between exponential moving
average and simple moving average.  Simple
Moving Average is a simple calculation.  Whereas
exponential moving average is dynamic
according to price behavior.  Now
I will show you the live proof.  From
Lets I just
went to the indicator section.  I typed EMA here and
now look, it is nine by default.  Ok?
If I do this now wait let
me add it again.
Ok.  Now you see, as soon as I clicked OK at 90, the
price went up.  Right now you
see the price falling down.  The
current price that you are seeing right now is the market
price.
Whatever you see last is right now at the moment.
But if we take out the last 90 candles i.e.
last 90 candles of 5 minute time frame, then the
price has also increased in them.  It has
fallen into it and also gone sideways.
So after adding the average of all of them, the market
average is coming out to be
22,999-23,000.  This means that the market is currently
performing below its average point.
Ok?
This is simple, if we had gone to do the calculation then it would have taken a
lot of time but in a simple way an
EMA easily explained to you that okay
this is the average of 90 candles in
front of you, okay this is exactly what EMA
is known for.  Now in the second lecture we will
understand how it works in charts and
will look at different charts.  It will be
very easy for you to understand.  Understand the second lecture carefully
and try to
make notes along with it because it will be better if you make notes.
Om
