In today's video, I'm going to be
 
teaching you guys the only 1-minute
scalping strategy you will ever need to
become a profitable trader. This entire
strategy is based upon the 1-minute time
frame, meaning it's very good for those
who want to flip small accounts, which I
know a lot of you guys don't have a lot
of money to trade with, which is very
understandable. When I first came into
this industry, I didn't have a lot of
money to trade with. I started with a
very small amount, started to flip it
into bigger amounts, and finally where I
am today, Lambos and Rolls-Royces and a
bunch of houses. I mean, I literally
started with nothing. I've been where
you are. So, trust me. I'm going to do
my very best to give you guys a strategy
that is good for the situation that
you're currently in. The strategy also
works really well with prop firms,
especially if you pair it with Clarity
Traders. Just go to claritytraders.com.
Always having discount codes, best
prices in the game. Click the link down
below get started with a prop firm
account, and let's get started. So, all
of our entries will be taken on the
1-minute time frame. However, first we
have to find direction of the market,
and to do so, we have to start on our
5-minute time frame. Remember that. We
always start on our 5-minute, we look
for support or resistance, we try to
find which direction the market is
moving, then we go down to our 1-minute
to find entry. So, that's the first
thing you have to understand. As you can
see here on the five, we have a strong
support, right? Prices came down, it's
exhausted, sellers are getting tired, we
now have buying power coming in. We have
a support here. 1 2 3 4, four touches in
total on a push to the upside. This is
on the 5-minute time frame. I now know
price has solidified that this is a
support, it's a nice strong support, and
we're pushing to the upside, which means
I want to look for buying positions.
We're looking for long positions now.
Now, what I have to do is go to my
1-minute time frame and figure out where
do I want to buy. Where do I want to
buy? Very simple, breakouts. Breakouts
will always be key. Whether it's a
resistance breakout, whether it's a
support breakout, or whether it's a
trend line breakout, we have to find
breakouts with candle structure to
solidify a good setup. Understand that
first and foremost. Now, if we go down
to our 1-minute time frame, price action
becomes a lot more clear. We see the
previous support that we found on the
five. We see we're pushing above. Now,
we have to look for market structure.
Market structure to us is a higher high
followed by a higher low
then once again
a higher high. Now, because this is a
resistance above here, we can't
necessarily say that this is a higher
high yet. We still need a new candle to
come in and take out these highs, so I
know market structure has switched to
bullish for sure, and the 1-minute time
frame is also showing me a breakout to
the upside. Then I will take my buy
position, but until then, we just wait.
We're patient. We see how the thing
forms. I mean, I understand this thing
could continue to break back down and
drop more and more. We need to make sure
with certainty we're going to keep
buying before we enter that position.
So, we have the resistance. You see the
higher high, higher low, potentially a
higher high coming next. We just have to
make sure, and if it does, we're going
to take our long position with a nice
tight stop loss. I'm going to go over
stop losses next, but just to show you
guys what would happen here. Resistance
looks pretty smooth on the 1-minute time
frame. Super scalpers,
we have it pushing. There's our higher
high on this next candle, bang. This is
now showing us that overall on the
1-minute time frame, we're turning to
the upside.
So, again, we're on our 5-minute time
frame, we find support, okay? We know
price is pushing, we go to our 1-minute
time frame, we find market structure, we
wait for a push above that resistance in
this case, not a support because we're
looking for buys. If it was a selling
position like this, we'd look for a
break of the support. But check this
out.
Just like that.
Price pushes. Now, we can go for a 1:5,
we can go for a 1:3. It really just
depends, but if we use our brains, we
look at market structure, we see we have
a couple zones. This being our previous
highs, this being our secondary highs,
and this being our potential stops to
break even right here on this.
As you can see,
just like that, we have different zones.
So, we're not just playing this thing by
let's go for a 1:5, right? Let's just go
for a 1:5, that's amazing. No, we're
actually looking at the markets. See, a
lot of you guys struggle with this. A
lot of you guys are too busy looking at
your phone profits and saying, "Well,
how much am I up right now? Is this
going to help me pay my bills? I mean,
I'm up $45,000, or I'm up $45, or I'm up
$300." Whatever situation you're in,
you're looking at the number. Stop
looking at the number, but instead, look
at the chart, because the chart's going
to tell you things. We have support, we
have resistance, we have more
resistance. You guys can see the markets
are telling you things. You have to be
able to react, right? You have to be
able to react, cuz not any situation's
going to be like another situation. They
could be similar,
but there's going to be days where
you're not going to get a 1:5, and
you're not going to know that by looking
at numbers on your phone. I can show you
guys numbers on my phone right now. In
fact, I'm in a trade as we currently
speak, and I'll show you guys.
So, as you guys can see, I'm up $44,000
on a US30 sell right now as we speak.
I'm not looking at this number. I'm not
saying, "Well, I'm going to close this
at $50,000 profit." I'm looking at the
market, and when the market hits my zone
and starts to react at the next support
mark, I'm going to get out of that
trade. I'm playing it by what I'm seeing
on the chart, not what I'm seeing with
this number. I can be at 45K, I can be
at $100,000. I've made $300,000 in a
single day, but I was never looking at
the number on my phone, but instead,
price action on the chart. And by the
way, I trade live in front of thousands
of people every single morning. And as
of right now, I'm doing it for only
$39.99 per month. I made it extremely
cheap, so that way anybody, no matter
what country you're in, what situation
you're in, can also watch me, catch
these profits with me, and learn how to
trade. But not only that, the men's
mindset section is teaching you the
psychology of not just being a trader,
but being a king. And not only that, we
now have an investment section where I'm
teaching you guys how to invest in the
real estate, pay your taxes, do your
taxes, all the tax loops that there are,
stocks, crypto, and so much more. You're
getting all this for $39.99. Nobody's
doing this. Nobody wants to see you
succeed like I do. And again, I'm making
it affordable, so all of you guys can
enjoy these benefits and become
profitable traders. Click the link down
below to get started, or visit the
kingdom.com, it'll show on your screen
now, and learn to become a king today.
Okay, so I want to show you guys another
example of this strategy being used, but
now for a selling position. So, as you
guys can see, again, resistance on the
5-minute time frame. We have to start on
the 5-minute time frame. We see we have
resistance, very strong resistance.
Price cannot break past this zone. Huge
wick, came right back down. Another huge
wick, came right back down. So, now we
know, wait a minute, price is bearish.
Price can't break past this zone. We
need to go to our 1-minute time frame
and find a break. Very simple. I love
this example here, because check this
out, we have a trend line break.
Beautiful type of break. A lot of people
think you only need support resistance
breaks to be profitable, but it is not
true. You can also use trend line
breaks. Now, you want to see something
very deadly? We're not just going to do
a trend line break, we're going to do a
support break with it. So, we have
resistance here off this one, two
candles. We have support here off these
one, two candles, and we have a trend
line break all at once. What does that
tell us? That tells us we have three
confirmations if we say the 5-minute
also is telling us it's a sell. Three
confirmations that this is going to be a
selling position if this breaks. All we
need to be profitable in this industry
is confirmations. And let me tell you
why, right? The average trader comes in
here, take a buy, take a sell, you go
for a 1:1. You got a 50/50 shot anyways.
So, imagine going to this with a 50/50
shot, but I have three confirmations.
Not one, not two, but three
confirmations now telling you that
you're most likely right. That takes you
from a 50% chance to a 75, and in some
situations, even 80% chance to be
successful with that trade, because you
have three confirmations on your side
versus the person who's just kind of
winging it and 50/50 it. So, check this
out. We're going to put a nice tight
stop loss on this, going to go for maybe
a 1:3, 1:5 would be even cooler, but say
1:4. And I got to react anyways, right?
We got to make sure that price breaks
past each one of our zones and doesn't
get stuck on any of them. So, we have a
little bit of support resistance here.
It's a little choppy, but we'll make it
work.
Bam! There's our break right there.
Boop.
Just like that. The 1-minute time frame,
it broke. Super scalpers, get ready to
enjoy some profits.
Broke past that next support, came back,
retested it. Price is looking really
good. I mean, I might even say, I might
even say if this is going to hold here,
I would say
we now have another support zone here.
Meaning,
we can take another sell position here.
If we want to make even more profits, we
already have a 1:4 running, right? So,
imagine we take another sell position
here, because we have another break. We
already have confirmation that this
resistance is going to hold, right? Cuz
the 5-minute told us we're at a nice
resistance, right? The 1-minute market
structure is beautiful. We broke once,
came back to retest that resistance
break, we're breaking another one. We
took another sell position.
And just like that.
We just closed out on two wins. Two wins
off of one simple concept, because we're
on the 1-minute time frame. I mean, I'm
teaching you guys how to make a lot of
money very fast. Instead of going on the
hourly or swing trading like a lot of
these losers, we're scalping on the
1-minute time frame because we have
balls, because we know we want to make
money fast, we know the markets switch
like this, we want to get in when we can
and get out fast. We go to our 5-minute,
we find direction, we go to our
1-minute, we find market structure, we
wait for breakouts, we make our money.
Within 30 minutes, we're done. 30
minutes every single day, we are done
for the entire day. That's what it means
to scalp. It's that easy. It really is
that easy. Practice it. Watch this video
as many times as you need to. Go to the
5-minute, find direction. Go to the
1-minute, find a breakout. It is that
easy. Write it down. Take notes. Watch
this video 100,000 times if you have to,
but trust me when I say I use this
strategy every single day, and
made me nearly $50,000 today. I mean,
honestly, the proof is in the pudding. I
do it every single day. I do the same
strategy every single day, and I do it
live in front of 1,000 people every
single day. Click the link down below if
you'd also like to join. If not,
strategy is enough. Love you guys, I
appreciate you guys. If you guys want
more strategy breakdowns, let me know,
and I'll see you guys in my next video.
Peace.
