Every Single Trading Strategy Explained for Beginners
If you want to turn trading into your biggest source of income this year, click here 👉 https://go.swingtradinglab.com/0212d147

Broker I recommend: https://affiliate.mybrokerbuddy.com/fxalexg

MY only instagram VERIFIED are @ fxalexg and @ swingtradinglab 

In this video I review, without fluff, several of the most commonly used trading strategies and concepts to decide when to buy and when to sell in real markets. I start with my set & forget strategy and explain why the perfect strategy doesn’t exist: the ones that work are those you understand, apply, and that give you results.

I share experiences, reflections, and concepts that have worked for me along the way, highlighting that there’s no magic formula, only the importance of practice, discipline, and psychology when trading. The goal isn’t for you to copy a strategy word for word, but to find a way to simplify the process and stick with what truly works for you.

Every Single Trading Strategy Explained in 1 Hour
00:00 Intro
01:07 Fibonacci
13:05 Candlestick Reversal Patterns
26:39 Head and shoulders
34:42 Top-Down Analysis
39:22 Break of Structure // ChoCh
43:46 Break out / Break and retest
50:02 Support and resistance / Order Blocks / Supply and demand
55:56 EMA / Indicators 
58:59 Trendlines


STANDARD DISCLAIMER:
The foreign exchange market and currency trading is highly speculative in nature and as such, currency prices may become extremely volatile. You may sustain a total loss of your funds.

Foreign exchange trading carries a high level of risk and may not be suitable for all investors. Always consult a financial professional before making any investment decisions. 

It is possible you will sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 

Individual results vary and no representation is made that you will or are likely to achieve profits or incur losses comparable to those that may be shown. You acknowledge and agree that no promise or guarantee of success or profitability has been made between you, andSwing Trading Lab LLC and/or Alex Gonzalez. 

For further information, please review our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and Risk Disclosures.
CFTC RULE 4.41- Hypothetical or simulated performance results have certain limitations.
Unlike an actual performance record, simulated results do not represent actual trading. 

Also, since the trades have not been executed, the results may have under-or-over compensated for the impact, if any, of certain market factors, including but not limited to, lack of liquidity. 

Simulated trading programs in general, are also subject to the fact that they are designed with the benefit of hindsight. 

No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profit or losses similar to those depicted on the swingtradinglab.com website.
