There's endless trading strategies for
 
you to make money out there. And there's
a lot of people asking me if my strategy
is the best one in the world. Is my
strategy engulf every other strategy out
there that exists? And as much I'd want
to say yes, the answer is no. I only use
a strategy and the concepts that I
understand for myself and give me
results. This is the one that I put
together two years ago, which is my set
and forget strategy and has made me the
successful trader that I am today. But I
am extremely aware that there is many
other strategies out there and concepts
that work. I am not the only trader in
this industry that's successful. I know
a handful of other traders that have
very different concepts than me and make
money trading. So in this video, I'm
going to break down as many possible
strategies and concepts that I know that
other traders use. So one, I can educate
you on how these concepts work to see if
they even make sense for you. And two,
some of these strategies that I'm going
to be showing you right now are
literally the exact same thing as other
strategies. They just have different
naming, but are used exactly the same,
and other traders have complicated. My
main goal with this video is to just
make trading easier for you. So, with
that being said, let's get into the
video. All right, so we're going to be
starting off with probably one of the
most known strategies or one of the most
known tools that traders use to
determine if they want to buy or sell a
trade, right? Because at the end of the
day, all of these different strategies
are for you to determine if it's a good
time to buy or if it's a good time to
sell. There's hundreds of different
strategies out there that traders can
simply go to the chart and then they can
click the replay button and obviously
while they're back testing or whatever
concepts they use will work because, you
know, back testing is not the best way
to be accurate. And you know, I can just
go back to the chart, get a random
Fibonacci, and just throw it from here
to here, here to here, and make a reason
or make it make sense on why it should
work. But I'm going to be explaining to
you right now the real reality of how
these things work in live markets so you
can go and execute it for yourself.
These are going to be different ways on
how you determine if it's a good time to
buy or a good time to sell. That's all
we're trying to do as traders. So with
that being said, let's start off with
the most known which is going to be the
Fibonacci tool. So the market we know
moves in highs and lows. So if the
market has a high move, we anticipate a
retracement. So then it has a
continuation high. And if we have this
high move, what we're going to
anticipate from the market is for it to
have a retracement. Us traders, what
we're trying to do is predict when this
retracement is going to stop. And once
this retracement is going to stop, then
we anticipate to then take a buy here.
So then we can continue trading with the
trend. Right? This is all very basic.
This is just the fundamentals of how
trading works. We know that the market,
we cannot buy at the highest high
because doesn't really make sense there.
You want to make sure you can get a
retracement and get a discount. And our
goal as traders is to predict when is
this discount going to stop? When are we
going to stop this retracement so then I
can enter the trade? Well, one of those
tools that can anticipate for us to let
us know if the market is going to stop
before it has the move is going to be
the Fibonacci retracement. So, first I'm
going to show you guys this example here
on the line chart and then we'll go and
we'll take it to the candlestick chart.
So, the way the Fibonacci retracement
works is you get the Fibonacci tool
right here in Trading View. You can just
click on it and then you start it at the
bottom of the structure. So you begin
the Fibonacci tool at the bottom of the
structure and then you're going to get
all of these lines that as you open it
up just move along with the mouse and
then you're going to place the top of
the Fibonacci tool at the high point. So
if you notice there is the beginning
point which is the 100 point, the 100%
point and then we have the ending of the
move which is the 0% which is the high
of the move. So, we start off the
Fibonacci placing it at the higher low
and then we close it off at the higher
high. Now, for now, don't mind all of
these numbers out here. Don't mind the
-27.
Don't mind the
127.20. Don't mind this number. Matter
of fact, to make it even simpler, I'm
just going to remove it just so it can
be even simpler. Right. So, the way the
Fibonacci tool works is that these are
the Fibonacci retracements. We have the
first area which is 38.20.
Then we have the second area which is
going to be the 50% retracement. Then we
have the third which is a 61.8.
Then we have the fourth which is going
to be the 78.6.
Now this are the three these are the
four zones where we expect for price to
have a retracement into and then have a
bounce. have a retracement here to then
have a bounce, a retracement here to
then have a bounce, retracement here to
then have a bounce. Basically, you're
setting up four potential areas of
interest using the Fibonacci tool to
determine if it's a good time to then
buy. Now from
my experience and from what I have used
the Fibonacci tool which is mainly known
for these quick retracements, halfway
retracements or deeper retracements. The
38.20
is used as a form of a quick retracement
when the market is trending very fast.
Then you would be interested in buying
at this zone. So then you have a
continue like more of a faster pace
trade. Once you have a retracement of a
50%, this push is going to be more of a
50% of what the retracement was. The
deeper the retracement after the 50%
point is going to be the 61.8 and the
78.6.
These right here are known to be the
golden zones of the Fibonacci. This
right here is the golden zone. So, you
are interested in buying the trade in
this example since we're buying. So the
retracement here according to the
Fibonacci experts and a bit of my
experience is going to be the deeper the
retracement
the bigger the move. Anything past the
78.6
the Fibonacci is no longer valid and
then you will no longer use the
Fibonacci tool. So this is basically
just letting you know the zones where
this can have a retracement to then you
to determine if it makes sense to buy or
not. Now, you never really just use the
Fibonacci tool alone, right? You use it
in confluence with the trend, with
support or resistance, order blocks, all
of these different things, which I'm
going to get into that later into the
video. But this is how trading works
when it comes to the Fibonacci. Once you
have a high point, you expect the
retracement to stop at either 38.20, the
50%, 61.8, or 76
78.6. Now, how does this actually work
on the candlestick charts? Very simple.
For example, let's say I would be
interested in executing this trade that
I actually executed myself here and I
actually got worked out. I actually got
worked out on this trade. I could have
made like two 300,000. I did make
155,000 on this position here, but I did
get worked out on this one. So, let's
say we were to use the Fibonacci tool,
for example, on this position that I
just entered here. So, let's just
pretend like we're looking to buy this
trade right here. So, here we would get
our Fibonacci tool. And there's many
different ways on how to use the
Fibonacci tool. Many traders say it goes
from the low of the wick to then the
high of the wick, which it goes from
wick to wick. Other traders would
mention that it would go from body to
body. So, from the body of down there to
then the body of this high. Some people
say from the wick to the body. Some
people say from the body to the wick.
These are all different ways of how to
use the Fibonacci retracement. I
personally myself don't find myself ever
using the Fibonacci tool. So I can't say
exactly how I would do it because I
don't use the Fibonacci. I just know
that how it is used is based off of
placing either from wick to wick, body
to body, body to wick, wick to body. And
you know, you can mix it up as much as
you want. At the end of the day, all
that matters is this retracement came
back to a very clean order block, very
clean area of interest, supply and
demand. So, whatever you want to call
it, came to an EMA, but it also came to
a 50% retracement. It also came, if you
were to put it from the wick to wick
back to a 50% retracement, wick to body
came to a 38.2. So, it fell in in a very
decent retracement zone, which would
then let us know that it's a good time
to buy and then have the push to the
upside. The Fibonacci tool is just used
as an added confluence to determine that
the retracement has some type of
measurement because sometimes traders
would be interested in taking a trade.
For example, like this. Let's say they
want to take a buy and they have this as
their push. They'll place a Fibonacci
retracement here. And then the trade has
a retracement, let's say, of this deep.
And then once they're at this point
right here, they want to buy the trade.
And it probably does not make the most
sense to buy a trade with such a small
retracement. The whole point of the
Fibonacci tool is to let you know that a
valid retracement begins from the 38.2
and it ends at the 78.6.
This is the very important key of the
Fibonacci. This is the golden zone more
or less that it lets you know that this
is where a valid retracement could fall
into. Now the two numbers that I had
removed which were the -27
and the 1.27
these right here are also used as
takerit points and potential entry
points. Now what does that mean? So the
-27 is going to be used as your take
profit. Let's say that this price is
having a retracement into the 61.8.
Now here you are interested in entering
the trade because you have price action.
You have x amount of other confluences
that are going to let you know that this
trade is going to go to the upside. So
this is where you would have your entry.
Your stop loss typically has to be below
the 78.6
because in the event that price does not
respect this 61.8 area then price can
make it to the 78.6 have a reaction and
then have a push and it never hits your
stop loss. So, you always want to make
sure that whatever area you are entering
in, let's say if you're going to be
entering off of a retracement of the
50%. That your stop loss is slightly
below the 61.8. Just in case if we don't
fully react from the 50%, we make it to
the 61.8, then we have a reaction. You
have somewhat of a breathing room and
you're taking care of your risk. But
let's just say we have it here at the
50%. Where you want to make sure that
your takerit is going to be set is going
to be at the -27. So this is basically
you anticipating that we're going to be
having new highs with this Fibonacci
retracement tool. I personally in my
humble experience of trading this is a
very extensive takeprofit. Obviously the
risk-to-rewards are always amazing but
it can be a bit extensive. I would
always first aim to target the 0% which
is an equal high just in case if the
market comes does a double top and then
it rejects from this area. So at least
there you able to lock in a minimum of a
1 to3 and if once and if price gets to
this area you're able to manage the
trade live. If we break the structure
above then we can continue to hold the
trade to the upside. Just my personal
humble experience with trading and the
way I've been able to maximize the most
amount of profits and then avoid the
markets having a push to my take profit
quote unquote and then back to break
even or even a loss. So this is how the
Fibonacci -27 area is used. This is more
or less how your entry and stop loss
will be placed. But you guys might be
wondering what is this 127.20.
Well, this is in the event if we break
the the 78.6, if we break the 100% and
we make it to the negative and and we
make it, excuse me, to the 127.20, this
can also be an area to then buy the
trade. Personally, I've never taken this
type of trade myself. If I just know
that some Fibonacci users would make the
claim that that's what this area would
be and that is the use of it. This is
like a fake out basically a liquidity
grab. When the market would make it to
this area, it would then have a push to
the upside. Perfect example could be
this move right here. We have the 100%
at this low of the wick and then we have
the high at this high of the wick. If
you notice it broke through the 38, the
50, the 61.8, 78.6, six the 100% and it
made it right to the 127.20.
It's a very interesting way of executing
the trade and anticipating when a fake
out and if a fake out really ever
happens. But this is a perfect example
of that happening right here. All right.
Now, moving on to the next topic is
going to be candlestick reversal
patterns. So, I want to be extremely
clear. Candlestick reversal patterns is
probably one of the topics that is never
ending because the candlestick patterns
are always creating new and different
patterns. There is obviously a 80 90%
times that a certain pattern repeats
itself or it looks almost the same as a
previous example, but it'll never be
exactly the same just simply because
every single market moves different
every single day and the moves are
different against a different currency
pair. So, they're just going to always
be different. and they're never going to
be copy paste exactly the same, but the
visual can be very very very similar.
Now, candlestick patterns are probably
one of the most well-known formations to
use to either enter a trade, get out of
a trade, or just understand what the
market is doing because this is
literally price action. This is one of
the most powerful ways to read the
market because you're literally reading
the market in candlestick. like this is
the language of the market moving
showing it to you in as close as it can
get to English writing or to whatever
language that you speak. So the
candlestick pattern reversals there is
hundreds of them but these are the most
effective ones known commonly across the
industry. So the first one you're going
to have is a hammer. A hammer is
obviously showing an indication that the
market is indeed rejecting an area. Now,
to add to this, you can't just go and
once you see a hammer, you anticipate
that the market's going to automatically
buy right away. No, that's completely
false. Like, you need to have this
hammer be formed at an area of interest.
You need to have multiple series of
confluences that are adding value and
giving this hammer a actual purpose that
are making this hammer reject an area so
then it can actually have a significant
move to the upside. because you will get
these candlesticks in the middle of the
chart and they don't respect it and they
don't mean anything. So yeah, you can
just go to the chart and once you go to
it, you can see a hammer at a certain
place. For example, let's say you see it
right here for example and then yes, it
does respect it. But then you see
another hammer for example, let's say
like right here. You see another hammer
here, but then it actually continues to
go up rather than down. You see a
shooting star here. Instead of going
down, it continues to go up. So you see
a shooting star here, it then goes up.
So on and so forth. You see one here and
instead of it going down, it goes up.
These are needs, these need to be used
in confluence with actual
added confluence, whether it's a support
or resistance, whether it's an order
block, so on and so forth. So I want to
make sure I can make that very clear. So
the hammer is going to be obviously a
reversal pattern that will push price to
the upside. And then you have almost
like its cousin, its brother, its
sister, which is a hanging man, which
then it's the same candlestick, but if
you notice, it's actually giving price a
move to the downside. So that adds to
what I just mentioned on how can the
same candlestick formation in one
example give us a push up and on one
example give us a push down. And that's
not because this candlestick has a green
body and this one has a red body. No,
it's because this one probably was
placed at a support level and then this
one was probably placed at a resistance
level. That is the importance of using
the candlestick patterns in your favor
so you can have the best risk-to-reward
with it. This is personally one of my
favorite candlesticks because this it
literally confirms not only that it's
rejecting the area how the hammer would
be, but it also had enough price action
to then go ahead and then eat the
previous candle. Now the more
candlestick that this candle engulfs,
let's say for example that it would have
engulfed all three of these
candlesticks, that is an even better
confirmation because it shows that the
buyers are very strong in this market
and you're going to be buying with the
buyers. So you're trading going into
profit are a lot more likely than going
into draw. Same exact goes here for the
bearish engulfing example. This market
once it reaches a level of resistance
and then we have a candlestick that eats
the last candle that is a very strong
confirmation that we are then indeed
going to continue going to the downside.
The bigger the candlestick the better.
The more confirmation that it shows that
the sellers are in control in this
market. In this example the piercing
line can be a bit similar when it comes
to the engulfing but respectfully they
don't they they just aren't respected
across the market. No traders across the
industry really use the piercing 9 and
it can be very confusing. Since these
candlesticks happen so often in the
market, you want to make sure that you
can just focus on a good quality amount
of them. You don't want to trade every
single one of these patterns that the
market gives you. You're going to
honestly go crazy. you will go insane
because the market gives too many of
these patterns all the time and you can
almost go delusional and try and see
something for what it really isn't in
the market just because it has this
pattern right here. For example, you'd
want to trade that, but you're not
really taking into consideration the
overall market trend, your supply and
demand zone, so on and so forth. The
best way to use the candlestick reversal
patterns in your favor is going to be by
picking the ones that are the best and
sticking to those and not trading other
ones. The process of a successful trader
when it comes to executing a trade is
not by trying to execute as many trades
as possible. It's by eliminating the
ones that don't have a high probability
of going in their direction. And by you
eliminating the ones that aren't clean,
you're going to only in turn be focusing
on the ones that make the most sense,
which give you the better payout. So you
don't want to be focusing on the
piercing line or the dark cloud. You
want to be focusing on the inverted
hammer and the shooting star. These are
confirmations that we're indeed one
going to then have a wick fill or two
having a rejection from a resistance. So
these basically play hand in hand very
similar to the hammer and the hanging
man which these are going to be
happening at a support level and this
will happening at a resistance level.
The main key of these two candlesticks
are going to be that we're at a support
and resistance level. Morning star
formation is potentially going to be one
of the most powerful ones along with the
bullish and bearish engulfing
candlestick along with the evening star
formation. This is basically a three
pattern that happens at a support level
where it's going to have a red candle
once it approaches there. Then we have a
dogee or a consolidation candlestick and
then we have a bullish candlestick on
this side. If this bullish candlestick
can be engulfing and it engulfves above
this one. Now you pretty much got three
different candlestick formations in one
pattern. You have a shooting star or a
hammer, which is going to be this one.
Then you're going to have a bullish
engulfing candlestick which will then be
this one if it closes above this
candlestick. And then that equals the
morning star formation. So there you
have three formations in one which is
what makes it the most powerful one out
of all of them. And then the same exact
thing in turn goes for the evening star
formation. And then this is known as the
morning star and then the evening dogee
star which is basically the same thing.
This this one has no dogee and this one
does. The more the confluence you can
have obviously the better. After here
you have the bullish harmoni which is
not a respected candlestick neither is
the bearish harmoni. Then you have the
bullish engulfing cross which this is
not a high probability trade setup
either. Then you have a bullish belt
hold which if you were to ask me it
looks pretty much identical to the
candlesticks. And this is what I
mentioned at the beginning of the video.
There's going to be many different
things that you're going to see in the
market that might look like something
else. But traders just get creative and
they give it a different name. And
that's where some people can get
confused because they're like, "Wait, am
I looking at a bearish belt or am I
looking at a bullish engulfing?" And if
you ask me, that candlestick is
engulfing that one. This candlestick is
engulfing that one. It is the exact same
thing. It is a bullish engulfing
pattern, not a bullish bolt or a bearish
bolt. This is where traders complicate
things and make things harder for
traders to understand. This is something
that I took about a year and a half,
nearly two years to just hash out all of
this noise and it affected my trading
like you can't even imagine. I was
unprofitable because I was trying to
perfect all of this rather than focusing
on what just matter. Then we have here
the upside gap to cross which this
example is going to be the same thing as
one that we're going to be using later.
This one is going to be useful. The
three white soldiers and the three black
crows are not going to be a respected
candlestick formation. Then we have a
bullish meeting line. This bullish
meeting line, if you were to ask me,
looks very similar to the morning star
formation, if not identical. So, what
makes the most sense to have something
that is not very clear like a bullish
meeting line or just a morning star that
has indeed the three candlestick
formation adding the bullish engulfing
plus the shooting star and giving you a
high probability trade setup. For me in
trading, the simpler the better. So,
we're going to take out the bullish
meeting line along with the bearish
meeting line and then we have the fry
pad bottom and then the dumpling top.
This is very similar once again to the
morning star and the evening star
formation. These are just patterns once
again giving a different verbiage and
just complicating it as a whole. We have
a tower top and a tower bottom. These as
well are a complex equation that are not
of use. And then we have the three stars
in the south and the advanced block.
These are going to be used as dogeis
rejecting a support or shooting stars
rejecting a resistance. Basically, all
that was done here was they added this
and just added two or three more to them
and then gave it a three star rejection
name to it. And then they basically gave
this formation right here a advanced
block name when it's essentially the
exact same thing as pretty much this. So
yes, the more hammers and the more
shooting stars you have, it's better cuz
it's obviously showing more rejections
and more confirmations, but I would just
call it as you have two hammers or you
have two shooting stars. I wouldn't give
it this complex name, which you don't
need to have two of them in order for it
to be a valid entry or you don't need to
have three of them. The more that you
have, the better. The less that you
have, not that it's worse, it's just not
as ideal. And then the dumpling top and
the bearish breakaway aren't realistic
candlestick formations. These are the
only candlestick formations in the
markets that are mainly commonly used by
every single trader and have the highest
probability of them having a reaction
from a support level or a resistance
level. If you focus on these and only
these, your odds of winning a trade or
having a sniper entry are going to be a
lot higher. If you're trying to execute
every single one of these trades, you
don't want to execute every single
trade. You want to only execute the ones
that simply make sense. Now, once again,
having these candlestick formation
doesn't mean that you're always going to
have a 100% success rate with these
patterns, right? So, if you can see
here, once we have reached a high point,
we then here have our evening star
formation with a bearish engulfing
candlestick, which is a beautiful
confirmation. If I were to show you guys
this chart like this, and this is why I
just like being real and raw because I I
don't want to show you like the back
tested stuff. Like I don't want to go
and find a specific example and just
show you the perfect case scenario of
it. No, I want to show you that it
doesn't work all the time. But you can
see here how we have this one
candlestick that engulfed is the last
four candlesticks were at a resistance
level and then guess what happened? We
did not respect it. It happens
sometimes. Then you're going to have
this. This right here is a beautiful
evening star formation which then we
have a shooting star plus just the
bearish rejection candlestick and it
never engulfed neither of these
candlesticks. This is just an evening
star formation. And then guess what?
This was the move that then it did
indeed happen. So just because you have
it on the chart doesn't mean that it's
going to happen. It's not going to
happen at a 100% win rate. It's not
going to happen at a 80% win rate. It's
not going to even happen at a 60%. 50 to
55 max 60% is what these candlesticks
will be respecting. Perfect example is
going to be right here. You have a
morning star formation rejecting from a
support level and it did have a minor
push but not for that much. But then
here we have the exact same morning star
formation and then we have a much
stronger push. Here we have a evening
star formation with a shooting star. A
beautiful push to the upside. I mean
excuse me to the downside. And examples
like this from the markets are literally
never ending. This right here is going
to be that three shooting star example
that they just placed onto the market.
This is happening at a low point. And
you see how it has a beautiful push to
the upside. There's literally
neverending examples of these
candlestick patterns. And your job as a
trader is to consume as most possible
information as you can. So then you can
just see these things like second
nature. That it's just another day
walking across the park and you can just
see these things happen day in and day
out. Okay. And now moving on to the next
topic, which is going to be head and
shoulders. And I'm not going to lie,
this is probably going to be my favorite
topic. This pattern right here that you
are seeing, this head and shoulders
pattern I probably execute every single
week. And this pattern has made me
nearly eight figures. This is the only
candlestick pattern that I would love to
see in every single trade. Sometimes I
execute it without it and sometimes I
lose, sometimes I win. But this is by
far my favorite and the pattern that I I
have seen the most success rate in. It's
going to be the head and shoulders
pattern or the inverted head and
shoulders which is basically the same
thing just obviously flipped upside
down. So the way the head and shoulders
pattern works is this is a reversal
pattern. The very important thing that
you understand with this head and
shoulders pattern is that it is a
reversal. This is not something that you
are going like if the market is buying
and the is heading up, you're not going
to use this pattern to then buy. You're
going to actually use this pattern so
you can find the perfect area to then
sell. This is a reversal pattern, not a
trend continuation pattern. It's very
important that you know this because you
will save yourself a lot of time and a
lot of money so you're not taking an
unnecessary loss. So the head and
shoulders has a perfect example of when
the market is setting up a reversal.
This head and shoulders pattern will
happen at the high of the market or at
the low of the market. The market has
been trending downwards for a very long
time. And when then we see a big head
and shoulders, this is a big indication
that we have a reversal coming into the
market. vice versa. Once we are trending
upwards, we've been trending upwards for
a long time and then we see a head and
shoulders at the high. This is
indicating that we are now going to be
reversing to the downside. So the way
the head and shoulders works is first
off, you won't even know that it's
happening. It just starts forming
something like this, right? You have the
left shoulder, which will basically be
an equal high to the previous high or a
bit higher. No big deal. Then you have
the head which could potentially even
look like this move is just creating a
new higher high to then have a
retracement to then keep heading up. But
it actually is the highest point in the
market before we actually have the move.
Then this market once we instead of
continuing and having a higher low here
to then continue hitting up what we'll
do is we'll have an equal
higher low or we'll even break below the
structure point which will then give us
the base of the head and then this is
where the money comes in. This is where
the head and shoulders will actually get
formed. The head and shoulders will get
formed off of the right shoulder. where
it will create an equal high to the left
shoulder or it will just continue having
a push to the upside. You don't know you
have a head and shoulders until the
right shoulder is formed. It could be
doing something like this and it can
look like it's a potential perfect head
and shoulders, but it really is just a
fake out and this move keeps going to
the upside. I can't explain to you guys
how many times I've anticipated to take
a trade based off of the right shoulder,
anticipating for it to break the
neckline and I have lost. You never want
to take a trade anticipating the right
shoulder. You want to make sure that
when you take the trade, it's once we
have broken below the neckline. If we
have not broken below the neckline, we
do not have a confirmed head and
shoulders pattern. This is simply just
market structure at this point. As long
as we are above the neckline, it is just
market structure. If this market were to
be placed like this, would this count as
a break of the neckline? Technically,
yes. But you want to make sure that you
can have a clean break below the low of
the left shoulder higher low. And then
this would be the perfect retracement to
then have the push to the downside. Now,
if you're a beginner, don't worry. I
don't expect for you to understand this
right away. These are very technical,
very advanced things. And just watch
this recording a couple of times or you
should go first of all subscribe to this
channel if you're already at this point
in the video and go check out the other
videos where I literally go extremely in
depth onto how I use this and where I
have a sniper entry area on how to
execute the trade based off of the right
shoulder. So this head and shoulders is
going to be extremely key once and if we
actually break the neckline of this head
and shoulders. Until we don't break the
neckline, the trade is no longer valid.
Once we break it, we then anticipate for
price to then have a retest of this area
of interest. Then here's where we would
sell. You never want to take the trade
before we break the neckline. That is
one of the biggest mistakes that I made
over the course of year and a half. I
lost so much money that I should have
never lost. And now I have perfected it.
Waiting for the break. We get the retest
and then we sell. Can you enter the sell
once we break the neckline? No. You need
to wait for the retracement of the
neckline. So then we head to the
downside. This pattern is by far my
favorite and has made me the most amount
of money compared to any other market.
And these head and shoulders pattern can
literally happen on any single time
frame. Now, they're never going to be as
pretty as the one that I just showed you
right now, but they will be extremely
accurate. So, for example, I can just go
to a random chart like USD JPY, for
example. This right here, right in front
of us right now, I see three head and
shoulders. Pause the video and try to
spot it yourself. Go ahead.
So, this is the first head and shoulders
that I see. is an inverted head and
shoulders. Left head and then right
shoulder. As you can see, this head and
shoulders reversal pattern worked
perfectly because it happened at the
bottom of a move. You have to remember
that is a key foundation when
determining where this pattern is going
to be placed. Then there's another head
and shoulders pattern that is a lot
bigger, but it did not actually have the
complete for formation and it's right
here inside of this box. You can see
here that you have a left, a head, and
then this is the right shoulder. This is
a perfect example of a invalid head and
shoulders. If I were to just bring this
right down here, you can see how we
never broke the neckline. And guess
what? The market just simply kept going
up and we never reversed from this
market right here. You want to make sure
that you have a proper break of the
neckline and then you have a retest so
then the trade continues to go. This is
a perfect example of a head and
shoulders that is currently cooking up.
We have a left head and then a pretty
big right shoulder right now. And we are
currently breaking the neckline as we
speak. And this right here is a perfect
example of a head and shoulders. I
actually made $315,000
off of this one trade right here. So you
guys can see that we have a beautiful
left, we have a head, and then this is a
right shoulder. You know this bright
price broke the neckline came back
retested it and then we headed to the
downside. This formation happens on
daily time frames. It happens on 4hour
time frames. If you see here on the 4
hour we have a beautiful left head,
right shoulder. And then inside of this
right shoulder, we then have another
one. A little left head right shoulder.
These examples are literally never
ending. I could be here all day finding
you head and shoulders. Here we have an
inverted left head and then a right
shoulder. Broke the neckline, retested
it, continue going to the upside. These
are never ending and is by far my
favorite formation that the market can
possibly ever give us. Like I'm just so
passionate about it. I can literally
just be here all day. But you know what?
I'm not going to be here all day showing
you head and shoulders. So let's get
into the next topic. All right. Now
moving on to our next topic is going to
be topdown analysis. Now this is
probably one of the most powerful things
in the markets when it comes to
understanding where is the market at
that very moment and is does it even
make sense to buy or not. So top down
analysis is literally what it explains
top down analysis. You're going to start
from the higher time frame to the lower
time frame. So we always start a top
down analysis from the weekly time frame
then the daily time frame and then the
4hour time frame. The way top down
analysis is used is to determine where
is the trend of the market. Where is
structure at this very moment? Where is
the structure? Now the live price live
price would be right here. Live price
would be right here. Live price would be
right here. Now all of this is literally
the exact same market. For example,
let's say this is Euro USD. This is just
how it looks like on the weekly. This is
how it looks like on the daily. This is
how it looks like on the 4 hour. It's
the exact same market. If I hover it
over this one, it's the exact same
thing. If I hover this one over, it's
the exact same thing. Obviously, the
lower the time frame you go, the more
detailed structure that you see. On the
weekly time frame, a push up can consist
of two big candlesticks, maybe three,
maybe four, whatever the case is. But
each one of these candlesticks that is
forming here, let's say we have three
candlesticks on the weekly, that's 15
trading days. So that's going to be 15
smaller days that are going to be formed
here inside of the daily time frame,
which we're, you know, this would stack
up obviously a lot more than the weekly,
but 15 candlesticks on the daily. on the
4 hour, we'll probably have an extra 30
35 candlesticks that will form
throughout all of here. So, when we're
doing top down analysis, we want to make
sure we're not just looking at the
candlesticks because the candlesticks
don't reflect anything other than just a
more detailed version of the higher time
frame. When we do top down analysis, you
want to make sure that you can just look
at the overall picture. Where is the
markets right now? Are we at a high
points? Are we at a low points? Are we
at a standstill? Are we just not even
ready to be interested in the trade?
Now, this market right here is very
obvious that the weekly time frame is at
a high, right? So, this would be the
higher high and then this would be the
higher low. Very easy, very
self-explanatory. For the daily time
frame, we'd understand that this is the
higher high and this right here would be
the higher low. And for the 4 hour we
would understand that this would be the
higher high on the 4 hour and this would
be the higher low on the 4 hour. Now
what matters here is that we understand
based off of our topdown analysis that
the overall time frame everything is
going to be bullish. Now that we know
that the time frames are bullish
probably makes sense to buy, right?
Because we have three time frames in
sync. wrong. You don't buy just because
every single time frame is headed in one
direction. You want to make sure that
the market is not at a very high point
or at a very low point and it's overdue
a retracement. And if we guys remember
what we were talking about the Fibonacci
retracement, for example, if we were to
place a Fibonacci retracement right here
on the weekly time frame, we can
literally tell that we are at a high
point right now. In order for us to buy
this trade, we need some type of a
retracement to then continue to take
this trade to the upside. So top down
analysis lets you know whether we are at
a high point or whether we are at a low
point depending on the time frame and
then you're able to make a decision off
of that top down analysis. So here does
it make sense to buy based off of this
top down analysis? Yes. And also no
because you need to have some type of a
retracement. This retracement could then
be something like this. And then on the
daily it could be something like this.
And then on the 4our it could be
something like this. And if on this
retracement everything still remains
bullish then the trade makes sense to
buy. You never want to buy at the
highest point. You always want to wait
for a retracement. And if that
retracement happens and everything stays
bullish you're good to buy. And this top
down analysis, you cannot un like I
can't even explain how many times this
has let me avoid losses and have a very
clear understanding of the exact trade
that I'm entering at that moment in the
market. Now, moving on to our next topic
is going to be break of structure. Now,
break of structure is probably something
that you've heard in the past or as many
people might know it, it's going to be
chach, change of character, break of
structure, shift of structure, potato,
potato. This is literally all the same
exact thing. The market is changing.
It's not going to be the same of what it
was. It's breaking what it was doing
before. This is probably one of the most
controversial topics when it comes to
trading because some people want to call
it chach, some people want to call it
break of structure. And at the end of
the day, the market is changing. The
market is shifting. It's going from one
direction to the other. Break of
structure. Chach change in direction.
Shift of structure is literally when a
market is trending upwards or a market
is trending downwards and we are
consisting of higher highs and higher
lows and we all know once this market if
this market ever does break below this
higher low we are no longer bullish.
This market could overall look like we
are going to the upside because it just
looks like it's in a bullish channel
heading up. But that is the biggest
mistake that you can make as a trader.
That will be a rookie mistake because
this market will not be bullish based
off of just the way you see the overall
price where it was headed. This break of
structure, this change of character,
this shift of structure is the beginning
of a bearish move. So now this higher
low would turn into the lower low. This
higher high would turn into the lower
high. And now we would anticipate for
this market to continue to basically go
down. This right here is the simplest
way of looking at it. A break of
structure, a change of character is when
the market is in a certain structure
point, whether it be bullish or bearish
and then we basically break, we change
the market. The market changes from
bearish to being lower high and lower
lows. So this market was bearish on this
whole entire move here. And then we
break it. We shift it. We change it. We
shift it. Now this market is bullish.
This is now the higher high. This now
goes as the higher low and then this
market will then continue to then have
moves to the upside. This can literally
happen on any time frame. This can
happen on the daily time frame, weekly,
4 hour, 1 hour, 30 minute, 5 minute, 1
minute. Obviously,
the lower the time frame that you're in,
the less respected that a change of
structure can be. The change of
character, the break of structure. If
this happens on the one minute, this
will probably happen every five minutes.
There will be a change of structure, a
break of structure, a change of
character. But now, if this were to be
the daily time frame or the weekly time
frame, it obviously takes a lot more
time for it to create it. So, it's a lot
more respected. The moves are going to
be a lot bigger and it makes a lot more
sense to place highs of money on a trade
that has more confluences rather than
something that changes and breaks every
5 minutes. I personally like to look for
my breaks of structure and my changes of
character on the higher time frame to
determine if I'm going to be interested
in taking a trade. If I were to be on
the lower time frames, it would be more
for entries and scaling in or scaling
out of positions. But to get the overall
direction of a position, I want to
determine this on the higher time frame.
Have we broken above this, which now
makes it bullish, or are we then going
to continue shifting to the downside? A
character, a shift to structure is
literally whenever the market goes from
bullish to bearish or from bearish to
bullish. It's shifting, it's changing,
and it's going in a different direction.
Now, these are great to have sniper
entries or these are great to then get
out of a position before it heads back
to your take profit. And if you notice
something here that I have already
mentioned before also happens at this
break of structure at this change of
character and at this shift of structure
it's going to be a head and shoulders
pattern. This can happen at the high of
a move or it can happen at the low of a
move an inverted head and shoulders.
This is why change of character at head
and shoulders or breakup structure go
hand in hand and create the perfect
reversal pattern. Breakup structure is a
reversal pattern. All right. All right,
so now moving on to our next topic,
which is going to be breakouts/break
and retest. This is commonly used with
scalp trading slash day trading. These
are more for impulse move. These are for
moves that are just meant to be quick.
You want to be in out of the position as
it breaks out or on a quick retest. I
find myself taking some of these trades
as well for intraday/swing trades or
even some day trades. So what a breakout
consists of is when a market is
consolidating for a period of time. This
can be on the 1 hour time frame, 30
minute time frame, 4 hour time frame,
daily time frame, whatever time frame.
All it matters is that you have somewhat
of a ranging market. Doesn't actually
have to be anywhere near as big as that.
I just did that example so you
understand that the market is somewhat
consolidating. It can consist of, you
know, five, six structure points and the
market is consolidating within a zone.
And then once you have a market and
you've identified that it is
consolidating, it is stopped, it is
choppy, it's stuck. A breakout is
basically what it is. It's a breakout.
Now, many traders confuse for a breakout
with a fake out where there can be a
candlestick literally being inside of
this box and then it breaks out of the
box. Now, this is the candlestick right
here that it is flickering up and down,
but the candlestick is yet to then
completely be closed. There can still be
15 minutes for it to be closed, 30
minutes for it to be closed, an hour, 2
hours, a day, whatever the case is. And
a lot of traders, they mistake this for
a breakout. But this can very much be a
fake out where it's where the market
actually breaks above this area but then
actually closes back below the zone
which then in hence that would not be a
proper breakout and this market can
continue consolidating inside the zone.
A proper breakout is once and if we
actually close above the consolidation
zone. Now once we actually close above
now we have a confirmed breakout. All of
these structure points and where the
consolidation box will be placed is to
the bodies of the candlesticks. It's to
the structure of the market. Structure
of the market is always going to be the
wicks. If I were to just simply change
from the candlestick chart to then the
line chart, you can see that the
structure is at the body of the
candlesticks. At no point is it at the
wicks. So, if we're going to place a
consolidation box, we're going to place
it at the bodies. We're never going to
place it at the wicks. If we're going to
do a consolidation box, let's say, for
example, here, this right here would be
placed at the bodies. And then this
right here would be a perfect example of
a candlestick having a breakouts of
this. And then we continuing with the
trade to the upside. This can also be
right here a very smaller consolidation
box. Everything is placed at the bodies.
And then if you notice, we have this one
candlestick that broke out. We continue
to trade with that market right there.
So the breakout method is very powerful
because you're taking the trade with
impulse. You're taking the trade with
momentum. Once it breaks out, you're
going to continue to trade with that
momentum. Now, the very key and very
important thing when it comes to these
breakouts is going to be the stop-loss.
You want to make sure you can place your
stop loss if you can
below the consolidation zone just in
case of the event that it did break out
properly, but it still for whatever
reason decides to come back into the
zone before actually having a push to
the upside. You want to make sure that
your stop loss is at a point if it gets
hit, you're completely wrong. Because if
this market then closes below the
breakouts of the consolidation, that
means it breaks out to the downside and
then it should just small retest or just
continue going to the downside. I am
always a big fan of placing your stop
loss below an area or at an area. If it
gets hit, you are completely wrong. If
we place our stop loss at the high of
this consolidation box, the market can
simply have a retest of it, stop you
out, and then head to the upside. You
never want to put your stop loss where
it could be hit and you not be
completely wrong. And many traders make
this mistake just because they want to
be involved in the market and they don't
want to take a trade for what it
actually is. So, this right here would
be a perfect example of taking a
breakout trade. So, your stop loss would
be somewhere down here, then your
takerit would be somewhere up here. Or
you can wait for a retest. So you have
the breakout, which is as soon as it
breaks out, the candlestick closes, you
take the trade right away, and then you
anticipate for momentum to keep your
trade going up. Or you have the break
and then the retest. The retest, you
want to make sure that the bodies come
back or the wicks and reject the high of
this consolidation box. If you're
getting rejections on this retest, same
exact thing applies. Your stop loss will
then be exactly at the same spot whether
you were to have it at the breakouts or
whether you were to have it at the
retest. Your stop loss always has to be
below the zone just in case if this
retest wants to come back a little bit
deeper and you don't get stopped out
unnecessarily.
Breakouts and break and retest go hand
in hand. Personally myself, I can't pick
which one I would take the most. They
both are very high probability trade
setups. A breakout is great. A break and
retest is great. Every single trade is
different. And I would have to determine
at the time of me taking the trade if I
want to wait for the retest or not. But
both of them need a proper body
candlestick closure outside of this
consolidation zone in order for it to be
a valid formation. And these breakouts
typically where you would want to
actually then reach your next
take-profit would then be continuing
where whatever the trend is going to be
going at that time. And obviously the
lower the time frame the smaller the
moves and you based off of the overall
direction you're trading with that
actual market. But this is a very very
very common pattern and I use it
personally myself a lot as well. Moving
on to the next topic and probably one of
the most controversial topics is going
to be support and resistance,
order blocks, supply and demand zone.
Now, I even had to adjust my chair for
this one because all of this is the same
 I almost feel like I lost some
I almost feel like I lost some
brain cells having to educate myself on
something that I already know is I tried
to think about, okay, let me have an
open mind to understand other things out
there in the market. But then I realized
that this is one of those things in
trading where they just kind of gave a
new name or a new mix to something that
has just a base foundation of what it
is. Floor, ceiling, that is all support
and resistance on order block, supply
and demand zone are. Now how they get
used is completely different. Order
blocks get used in a specific way if
you're scalping. Demand zones get used
in a different way if you're swing
trading. Support and resistance gets
used in a different way if you are day
trading. So a support is going to be an
area where price finds a base from it.
Wherever we whenever we reach this
support, we are going to have a reaction
from it. Whenever we reach this demand
zone or this supply zone,
we're going to have a reaction from it.
And whenever the market reaches a high
point, whether it be this area here, and
we have multiple rejections from this
area, this is going to be a resistance
zone. This is going to be an order
block. This is going to be a supply or
demand zone. It's a ceiling. Whenever
the market hits this area, when it's
heading up, it rejects it. Whenever the
market hits this area, when it's heading
down, it rejects. That is literally all
it is. It's a floor and it is a ceiling.
A valid support level, a valid order
block, a valid supply and demand zone is
based off of a minimum of three touches.
You need to have three touches at the
support, three touches at the order
block, three touches at the demand zone.
So it to be considered a valid area.
Three touches with body structure. Now
this can be on the weekly, this can be
on the daily, on the 4 hour, 2 hour, 1
hour, 30 minute, 50-minut, whatever time
frame you like. The higher the time
frame, the more respected the zone will
be, the more rejections, the more
structure points, the stronger the zone
will be. Very simple and clean example
could be this one for example right
here. And if you notice, like I'm not
like I'm just doing this raw. Like I'm
literally going to the markets live
right now and just finding whatever is
in front of me. I'm not like presetting
this up with actual perfect examples.
I'm literally showing you examples that
I personally am trading right now in
real markets as we speak. So, this right
here would be a perfect level of support
and resistance. This would be a supply
and demand zone. This would be a order
block. It's all the same thing. Whenever
the market is above this area, we are
clearly heading up. Whenever we're below
it, we're clearly heading down. Whenever
above it, we head up. Above it, we head
up. Above it, what do we anticipate? For
it to head up. It really is that simple.
And then the way this next supply and
demand zone, this support and resistance
zone up here works is the exact same
way. Whenever we are above this area, we
head up. Whenever we are below this
area, we head down. That is really it.
Nothing else to it. Whenever we're below
it, we head down. Whenever we are above
it, we head up. Below down. And whenever
we're above it, we head up. Whenever
we're below it, we head down. So on and
so forth. An order block is literally
just more of these lines. And they
anticipate for this market to go from
this block to then this block. And then
once we're at this block, it'll go from
this block to then this block. So on and
so forth. A support level is a base.
when the market actually rejects and
then a resistance a resistance level
where the market actually rejects. It is
a ceiling in the market. It is a floor
in the market. A level of support could
be used as resistance. Perfect example
right here. And a level perfect this
level of support is then being used as
resistance right here. And then a level
of resistance could then be used as
support. That is why it is a block. This
is why it is a supply and demand zone.
They can both go hand in hand. When
you're above it, you could use it as
supports. And when you're below it, you
can use it as resistance. That makes it
far more valid. If it is only used as
supports or only used as resistance, you
want to make sure that your support and
resistance level, your order block, your
supply and demand zone is being used
above and below it. That way, if for
whatever case when you're going to go
take a trade, let's say we're going to
buy this market right here because we're
at this support level for whatever
reason we don't respect its bowl, then
we can just wait for a retest to then
sell. That is exactly what we did over
here. Price came into this area, didn't
respect it for whatever reason, then we
retested and we sell. What matters is
identifying a respected area. And then
once you're at that area, you can
determine if you want to execute the
trade or not. Now, with that being said,
let's move on to our next topic, which
is going to be EMA/indicators
or SMA or really any type of indicator
out there. They all have the exact same
use and mean the exact same thing. An
indicator is going to be something that
is used as an added confluence to let
you know if you should buy whether
you're above it or sell whether you are
below it. It is basically a mathematical
equation that the EMA which is stands
for moving average exponential or
exponential moving average. And based
off of the settings of your EMA, it
gives you a certain type of equation
whether the length can be 50, the offset
can be zero. You can pretty much
customize this however you'd want. And
based off of how you customize it,
there's a mathematical equation behind
it that adjusts the EMA on the chart.
But the way the EMA literally works is
that it will follow price as closely as
it can. And when it follows price,
sometimes it's above it and sometimes
below it. And it just lets you know if
you're above the EMA, it's a good time
to buy. Or if you are below the EMA, is
a good time to sell. Or if price has a
retracement and then it's tapping and
rejecting the EMA, now you're rejecting
it. or if you have just broken below the
structure and then once price has a
retracement now you're rejecting the
EMA. The EMA is just an added confluence
when it comes to executing a trade. It's
never going to be 100% accurate. Can you
get a hundred different types of EMAs
and then intertwine them all together
and then they're just all over the place
in the charts and then they give you a
amazing risk-to-reward because you're
going to have a 100 EMAs and just
because you're above all of them they're
going to tell you the trade's going to
go up. No, actually the complete
opposite. The less the better. The
simpler the better. There is no one EMA
or one indicator fits all, works for
all, 100% win rate. It doesn't work. An
EMA is always going to be following
price late. It's never going to be right
accurately with the price and it's never
going to give you the precise and sniper
entry. It is used as a dynamic level of
support and resistance. If you notice
here when we're trending downwards, so
the EMA, we rejected the EMA here and
then it met up with the EMA again over
here uh 238
days later. And then once we broke the
EMA, we then came back to the EMA and
touch it once again 105 days later. This
is for the daily example. Obviously, if
we go to the 4our time frame, 1 hour,
the breaks and retest of it would be a
lot simpler, but the EMA could be used
across many different time frames. It
could be used on the weekly, the daily,
the 4 hour, the 2 hour, the 1 hour, 30
minute, the 15-inut. All it does, it
lets you understand if we are above it,
it's a good time to buy, or if we're
below it, it's a good time to sell.
Think of the EMA like a cherry on top of
a milkshake. The cherry on top does not
make the milkshake. It just gives it a
better look. It makes it a little bit
sweeter. Some people like the cherry,
some people don't. But the EMA is
exactly that. has no more or less value
than the cherry. Some people like it,
some people don't. If it's not there,
doesn't really make the milkshake less
valuable or taste any different. Same
exact thing here. If you have the
indicator, if you have an EMA, an SMA,
whatever the case is, it does not make
it more or less of what the trade is. It
is just simply an added confluence into
the markets and it could be used on any
time frame at any given point.
Personally for me, this probably falls
to the bottom of the list of my priority
when executing a trade. Moving on to our
next topic is going to be trend lines.
So out of everything that we have talked
about so far, trend lines are arguably
one of the most subjective trading
strategies that you can possibly use.
Trend lines are probably one of the ones
that can be used in the most complex
different ways. Works for some people,
doesn't work for other people, but trend
lines basically consist of the exact
same thing as supply and demand zone,
support and resistance, and order blocks
to a certain extent. and even your EMA
and your indicators. A trend line is
going to be used as a support level
where basically once price is going in
an upwards direction, you can anticipate
for price to come back, retest this
trend line, and then have a bounce from
it. Or if you are in a upwards channel
like this one is in this perfect example
right here, you anticipate for it to hit
the top of the channel and then you
potentially sell to the downside. And
this pattern pretty much just goes on
forever until it decides to break. You
can also use the trend line, for
example, once it does break out of this
channel for it to come back, retest the
trend line, and then continue going
down. Or you can use it to just expect
for price to break back into this area,
retest the trend line, and continue
going up. There's many different ways on
how to use the trend line. There's many
ways that work, other ways that don't
work. The trend lines are for you to be
able to consolidate price in a trending
move to determine if you continue to
trade with that trending move or if you
trade on a breakout of this move. Now we
take this to real live price trend lines
like I mentioned are very subjective.
They can be used in many different ways.
many different ways is you can start at
a high point for example here from the
wick and then you can go to the second
wick which would be this one right here
and then just extend it the whole entire
way. So you match the first wick to the
second wick and then you cut price
completely through without giving any
care for it and then you would trade at
these retests of these points or within
a move you can put it at the last high.
For example, you can put it from the
high of this wick to then the last
structure point and then you anticipate
a break and a retest out of this trend
line. Or you can then start at the top
of this wick and then go to the first
body structure and then just go all the
way down and basically the same thing
apply. Or you can start at the body
structure points and then you can go to
then the wick and then you can extend
the whole entire way there. So it would
be something like this. Or you can go
from body to body. There's many
different ways on how to throw the trend
line. But at the end of the day, the
purpose of the trend line is to
consolidate price inside of a box. And
then once you have this box, you're
determining if you want to continue to
buy or if you want to continue to sell.
It's a different way on how to have
support and resistance. Support and
resistance is completely horizontal,
just straight flat on the chart. Now,
trend line is going to be something that
will be based off of how price action is
moving and it's going to be the same way
as a level of support and resistance
just moving on the chart. Now whether
you place it from wick to body, from
wick to wick, wick to structure, that is
going to be completely entirely up to
you and where you can make it the most
sense. But just like every other thing
that we have mentioned to this point
right now, this will be equally as
effective in my opinion when it comes to
placing on the weekly, daily, 4 hour, 1
hour, 30 minute, 15 minute. Like always,
the lower the time frame, the less
respected it's going to be because when
there's an abundance of something, the
value of it just simply goes down. And
when there is less of something, the
value of it obviously goes up. So trend
lines is basically a level of support
and resistance used diagonally in the
charts. Whenever you're interested in
buying to understand that this is going
upwards or whether you are interested in
selling it and then you are using it
downwards. It can also be used to trap
price inside of a movement. So let's say
for example right here we are inside of
this very sharp bullish move. We can
trap price inside of this bullish move
for when we break out of this then we
would be interested in then taking the
trade to the downside. This is never
ending the possibilities on how you can
place it and the opportunities that can
present itself with it. Now, every
single strategy that I have just broken
down to you right now is probably still
only scratching the surface. There's
still many other institutional
strategies. There's still other very
small scalping strategies. There's also
mingale. There's never ending amounts of
strategies. As we speak right now, there
is traders evolving and creating new
strategies. Now, they might not work for
me per se, but they might work for
somebody else. Personally, the way that
I trade is simply going to be based off
of the less amount of noise that I could
possibly get from the markets, the more
effective. I've been doing this for the
last 7 years, and I've been successfully
teaching people for the last four. We've
had students have results like taking
$1,000 to 200,000. We've had success
rates of students quitting their jobs.
We have kids that were going to college
and they completely dropped out of
college and are full-time day traders.
Not saying my strategy will work for you
because I I can't guarantee that. What I
will say is that if you pick a strategy,
whichever one of the ones that I have
just shown you, and you literally only
execute that one strategy, and you have
a profitable risk-to-reward ratio, you
will simply be a profitable trader.
There is hundreds of strategies out
there, and there's thousands of
profitable traders all executing
different strategies. Now, the problem
is that when traders go execute these
strategies, they don't know if they're
executing it correctly. They're not part
of a community or they don't have a
mentor that is there with them every
single week letting them know that
they're doing the right or wrong thing.
Now, my community that I have just
recently created a brand new program. It
is a personalized mentorship directly
with you where I personally review your
trades and I let you know, hey, you're
doing this right or you're doing this
wrong. And there I am actually able to
mentor you and you're able to understand
directly for me what you're doing wrong.
If you guys want to know more about my
mentorship and how to execute the exact
same strategy that I personally use and
how I take all the noise away from the
market. The link is description below.
It's an application process only. You
cannot just join the mentorship right
now even if you want to. You literally
have to apply and qualify for it.
Because if I'm going to be getting on a
call with you, I need to make sure that
you're obviously ready to be part of the
team. If not, I'll be like, "Hey, you
simply don't qualify to be part of the
students and be part of the community
right now. You can go watch more of my
YouTube videos, catch a little bit more
experience." I'm at the point now in my
trading journey where I want to work
with Sniper Traders so we can evolve and
grow together. So, you guys should check
out other videos here inside of my
channel so you guys can actually grow
and progress as a trader. If you guys
think you qualify to be part of the
community, link is in the description
below. I hope you guys enjoyed this
video. Make sure to hit that like and
subscribe button and I will see you guys
on the next one. Take care guys.
