Have you ever placed a trade only to
 
watch your stop loss get triggered right
before the market moves in your favor?
That's not bad luck. It's liquidity
sweeps at work. In this video, we'll
talk about how to master liquidity and
turn sweeps into real profits. If you
want to stop donating your stop- losses
to the market, hit that like button and
let's dive in. What is liquidity?
Liquidity is the pool of stop- losses
and pending orders around obvious highs,
lows, trend lines, equal highs, support,
and resistance. At resistance, you'll
have reversal traders placing short
orders with their stop- losses above.
You'll also have breakout traders
placing long orders with their stop-
losses below. This creates a pool of
orders stacked in these areas, which
creates liquidity. price will often move
past these areas, trapping both short
sellers and breakout traders before
starting the true reversal downwards,
which is a liquidity sweep. The reason
this happens is because large
institutions intentionally target the
resting liquidity at these key levels.
And once all that liquidity is absorbed,
they use this liquidity to fill their
own large orders before pushing price
drastically in the intended direction.
For example, on this chart, many traders
notice that price is forming a trend
line pattern. Every time price respects
that trend line, their confidence grows.
So, what do they do next? They wait for
another break of structure to confirm
that the bullish momentum is still
strong. After that, they draw a trend
line and wait for a retracement to place
a limit order. Or when support and
resistance traders see price
consolidating in a tight range, they
mark support below and resistance above.
then wait to see which level price will
break. Once the resistance is broken,
they become more confident and they
immediately place a limit order at the
new demand zone. But then something
unexpected happens. Price gives a small
reaction and suddenly reverses to the
downside, triggering their stop-loss. So
the real question is, how can traders
take advantage of this type of price
action instead of becoming the ones who
lose? You need to analyze the price
action carefully to determine whether
the move is likely a continuation or a
potential reversal. To understand the
context, there are three important
questions you should always ask
yourself. What is the higher and medium
time frame momentum? Does the price
action align with the higher time frame
direction? Is the price currently
trading at a premium, discount, and
equilibrium level? These are the time
frames we can look at to identify our
higher time frame. Now that we know what
our time frame is, how can we identify
the higher time frame momentum? Look for
consistent highs and lows. When price
reaches the most recent high, we can
identify it as an uptrend. When price
reaches the most recent low, we call it
a downtrend. That move is what we call a
break of structure. When we identify the
trend, we can look now for valid break
of structure. In this chart, we can see
that price reaches the most recent high.
If the candle didn't close the high,
it's not a valid break of structure.
It's just a sweep. So, we only look for
a candle closure. A break of structure
on the higher time frame is a strong
signal of momentum shift. After price
creates a break of structure, it doesn't
just stop there. It immediately forms a
new swing high and swing low, and price
begins to trade inside those ranges.
Now, here's the key. Once we've
confirmed that momentum is bullish,
meaning we're in an uptrend, the big
question becomes when and where do we
enter a trade? So, let's move forward
and answer the next question. Does the
lower time frame price action align with
the higher time frame direction? Many
traders rely on chart patterns to
predict the price action, such as trend
line liquidity, where multiple touches
along a trend line build stop orders
just below or above it. equal highs and
lows such as double tops and double
bottoms which attract liquidity around
those levels. Support and resistance
liquidity found within both external and
internal structures where traders place
stops around key levels. Now we look at
the 30 minutes lower time frame and we
can see that price has formed a break of
structure and a trend line. As we
discussed earlier, every high and low
represents liquidity. Because of this, a
trend line can act as liquidity that may
lead to either a continuation or a
reversal. That's why we don't
immediately enter trades here. Instead,
we wait for price to align with the
higher time frame momentum and look for
confirmation in stronger zones. This
brings us to the third question. Is the
price currently trading at a premium,
equilibrium, or a discount level? To
answer that, let's break down these
three levels. A premium zone is the
upper half of a defined price range
above the 50% midpoint. It's considered
expensive. If you're buying here, most
of the time your stop loss will be
triggered and price will drop into
equilibrium or discount before
continuing higher. That's why
institutions look for selling
opportunities in premium zones. Same
thing with the discount level. A
discount zone is the lower half of the
defined price range below the 50%
midpoint. It's considered cheap. Selling
here is risky because price often climbs
back into equilibrium or premium first
before continuing lower. Therefore,
traders and institutions don't sell in
discount zones. Instead, they look for
buying opportunities here in a bullish
market. Equilibrium, the exact midpoint,
the 50% level between a swing high and a
swing low. It represents fair value.
Price often reacts here, but is not
ideal for direct entries. If you want to
take a direct entry at equilibrium, two
conditions must be met. First, price
must show strong momentum. Second, the
zone itself must be a clear orderflow
area, meaning orders are clustered and
there's visible consolidation. Then we
can enter a trade. If it's just an
isolated order block without
consolidation, that's not enough. In
that case, you wait for lower time frame
confirmations like lower time frame
sweep or change of character before
entering. We can identify this as an A+
trade setup. At this point, we can mark
this order block and confidently place a
limit order with our stop loss above
this high and our take-profit at this
low. But most of the time, traders and
institutions prefer to wait until price
reaches either premium or discount
zones. So, in this chart, we can draw a
Fibonacci retracement using external
structures. Since we're in a bullish
market, we focus on buying opportunities
in the discount area. Notice there are
two supply zones. The first is an order
flow zone, a clear consolidation area
where orders are clustered. The second
is an order block with little volume and
no real consolidation. That's a classic
liquidity trap. So when we compare the
two, the order flow zone in discount
level is the high probability supply
zone, while the order block in premium
is much weaker. And with that, we're
ready to move on to the final step,
trade execution. So, let's quickly recap
the answers to our three questions.
First, the higher time frame momentum is
strongly bullish. That gives us our
directional bias and tells us to favor
long positions. Second, the trend line
suggests a bullish structure and since
the higher time frame is already
strongly bullish, we treat that trend
line as upside continuation rather than
a reversal. Third, the order flow zone
sits in discount level that adds strong
confluence to the bullish move because
institutions are more likely to
accumulate positions in these areas.
Since all three factors align, we can
identify this as an A+ trade setup. At
this point, we mark the order flow zone
and confidently place a limit order. Our
stop-loss goes just below the swing low.
We can also mark and place a limit order
on the order block. But since we have a
well- consolidated order flow, there's a
chance that you'll miss the trade. For
our takerit, we zoom out and set it at
the 4hour high because the higher time
frame is bullish. So, what happens next?
Price broke this high. So, we can move
our stop loss to break even to secure
the trade. Since there is still trend
line liquidity, price may return to
sweep those levels before continuing to
the upside. Watch closely as price
develops.
And finally, notice how it drives into
our target. This is the moment we secure
gains from the trade while protecting
our capital. Now, after you find
highquality trade setups, you need a
reliable brokerage to actually enter and
exit trades on. Mumu is a global
brokerage with over 28 million users
across seven countries. For Canadians,
it's fully regulated, a CIPF member, and
an official partner of NASDAQ. Your
biggest edge is free US level two data
with up to 60 levels of bidass quotes
refreshing every 0.3 seconds from major
order books like NASDAQ Total View. This
gives you a huge advantage over other
traders as you can see where true volume
lies for precision entries and exits.
Most brokers charge for this or don't
offer it at all while it's free through
Mumu. On the fees side, Mumu Canada has
no foreign exchange fees on US trades.
Your CAD converts instantly with no
markup. Competitors often charge 1.5% FX
fees, which eats away your returns over
time. One of our favorite things about
Mumu is all the data it provides you
with. You get Morning Star reports,
analyst ratings, and real-time news from
Ruters and Bloomberg. There's even an
institutional tracker to see where big
Smart Money funds are positioning. Right
now, there's a massive welcome bonus for
Canadians. When you deposit $5,000, you
get a $300 cash rebate. Plus, if you
deposit over $1,000, you're entered to
win a possible Elite North American
Trading Tour, an iPhone 17 Pro, or a
significant amount of other cash prizes
available. For US users, you earn 8.1%
APY on Idol Cash and get up to $1,000 in
Nvidia stock. Click the link in the
description right now to claim your
bonuses. Thank you to Mumu for
sponsoring this video.
Let's now move to an advanced A+ trade
setup on gold. What is the higher and
medium time frame momentum? Looking at
the hourly chart, we can clearly see
that the overall trend is bearish. The
market is printing more bearish candles
than bullish ones, which already gives
us an initial clue about the direction
of momentum. But it's not just the
number of candles that matters. If we
look closely, the bearish candles are
significantly larger, showing strong
selling pressure. Many of them are also
engulfing candles which tells us that
sellers are aggressively pushing the
market lower. On the other hand, the
bullish candles are relatively small and
often show signs of indecision
indicating that buyers are struggling to
gain control. So when we analyze both
the structure and the candle strength,
we can confidently conclude that the
higher momentum is strongly bearish. Now
onto the second question. Does the price
direction? To answer this, we need to
look at the middle time frame, which is
the 15-minute chart. Now, we can see
that price has formed a trend line. As
we discussed earlier, every high and low
reversal. Earlier, we identified that
the higher time frame is strongly
bearish. Because of this, we can
conclude that the trend line liquidity
is likely acting as a magnet for a
continuation to the downside. So to get
confirmation, we need to answer the
third question. Is the price currently
trading at a premium equilibrium or
discount level. From here, we can draw a
Fibonacci retracement using the external
structure to measure how deep the
pullback is. As we can see, price has
reached the equilibrium level. At this
point, price could reverse to the
downside at any moment and continue the
higher time frame direction or it may
still retrace slightly higher before
moving down. So, we look for additional
confluence. And in this case, we can see
that price has tapped into an order
block. This order block acts as a
potential reversal zone. As we discussed
earlier, when trading an isolated order
block, we need lower time frame
confirmation because this area does not
have significant volume to justify a
direct entry. So, let's zoom in to the
5-minute lower time frame. We can see
that the price swept this high and
formed a strong momentum move creating a
change of character or market structure
shift. We can also clearly see that
price breaks below the lower time frame
trend line liquidity. So now let's
quickly recap the answers to our three
questions. The higher time frame
momentum is strongly bearish. The trend
line suggests bullish structure, but
since the higher time frame is strongly
bearish, we treat the trend line as
liquidity for a downside continuation.
Price reached equilibrium and tapped
into a POI, adding strong confluence to
the bearish move. Because all three
factors align, we can identify this as
an A+ trade setup. At this point, we can
mark this order block and confidently
place a limit order with our stop loss
above this high and our take-profit at
this low. Since we are trading at the
decisional POI rather than the extreme
POI, this becomes the most logical and
high probability take-profit level. So,
what happens next? Once price breaks a
low like this, we can move our stop loss
to break even to secure the trade. Since
price may return to sweep the POI for
liquidity before continuing to the
downside, price also sweeps this
liquidity and reacts with two strong
bearish candles, which allows us to mark
the supply zone and add another position
using the same take-profit.
And that's the power of understanding
liquidity sweeps. Instead of getting
trapped by these moves, you can start
recognizing where liquidity is building
and position yourself on the right side
of the market. Remember, the goal is not
to predict every move, but to understand
where the market is most likely to go to
collect liquidity.
If you want access to a ton of advanced
content that won't ever be made
available on our YouTube channel, go to
wisestrade.com.
Don't forget to tell us in the comments
below what topics you want us to cover
next.
Make sure to hit the like button on this
video as it allows for our team to
continue to produce more free videos on
YouTube. So, thanks for watching and
I'll see you in the next episode.
