What if I told you that in order for you
 
to become a profitable trader, all you
would need to spend in front of the
markets is roughly one hour every single
day. I'm talking 5 hours a week, which
is less than what an average normal day
person spends a whole entire day at
their full-time job. And you're probably
wondering, how is this strategy capable
of doing that and much more? And is it
even true? Well, the truth is that it is
literally written in stone in order for
you to follow and execute this strategy
with no failure on your end. It is
extremely unlikely that the strategy
fails you, but you could fail the
strategy. Now, you're probably
wondering, how is this even possible for
you to fail the strategy? Well, it's
very simple because the whole entire
strategy is consisted of a checklist. A
literal checklist that you need to check
off every single thing before you take a
trade. Over the last six years, I've
gathered pretty much every single move
in the market and I have put them all on
a document, minimizing the risk as much
as I possibly can when executing every
single trade by doing a series of
confluences. So, when you go execute a
trade, you know exactly what confluence
you're going to be taking and what is
the percentage behind that confluence.
So, instead of me failing the markets by
reading something that I shouldn't, I'm
literally following a system that has
statistics behind it. So, whenever I
lose a trade, it's because it simply did
not play out according to the statistics
rather than me just executing a trade
because I assume what the market's going
to do. And I ended up building the
perfect checklist, which literally tells
you what to do before entering a trade.
Because you won't even have to think
when entering a trade. All you literally
have to do is just follow the
stepby-step plan. Now, this is all great
because your win rate will go up roughly
around 65 to 70%. But very very very
very big butt is that it is a
double-edged sword. Meaning you will win
more times but your risk-to-reward will
be minimized. You'll probably have a 1
one.5.
Now just because you're winning more
time doesn't mean you're going to win
more money. The perfect analogy that I
can put to this is let's say you're a
fisherman and you're going to go out
there to fish every single day for about
an hour and you can only go so far into
the deep ocean if you only have an hour
to spend every single day. and you're
just able to catch small fish every
single day. Now, you're catching more
fish, but you're catching smaller fish.
Rather, somebody that has all day to go
out there and fish. They can go out
deeper into the ocean where there's
bigger fish. They might not catch a fish
every single day, but when they do catch
one, they're going to catch a very, very
large fish, which one big fish can
engulf the amount of food or the amount
of meat that comes out of it compared to
a bunch of little fish that you would
catch every single day fishing for 1
hour. So, just because you're trading
more doesn't mean you're going to make
more. Just want to make that very clear.
And you're probably wondering, why am I
going to teach you something that is not
going to make you large sums of money?
Well, because I would much rather you
get involved into trading, giving it an
hour every single day. So, you get
involved, you start getting experience,
you learn from your losses, you control
your emotions, you learn and develop as
a trader, so then you can dive deeper
and learn how to actually scale and
continue to grow. This is a way of you
getting your feet wet with the market
with a strategy that will be effective
and will work and you're not trading
blindly in the markets and simply
wasting your time and potentially
getting frustrated and even quitting
trading. I was there a couple of years
ago and I know if I would have had a
strategy like this, it would have made
me scale my trading a lot faster and
having a much more deep understanding of
why I'm entering a trade rather than
just almost being a gut feeling. And the
goal here is not to make a ton of
money in a single hour or a single day.
The goal here is to become profitable
and at the end of the month have a
positive P&L. Whether that be two,
three, four, five, six percent, you're
profitable. You're ahead of 99% of the
industry. And by simply being positive
2, three, 4%, you're able to execute
that on larger sums of money and then
you can simply make a living off of
trading. So with that being said, let's
get right into it with the first
confluence that this trade checklist
needs to be checked off. So this is my
trading confluence checklist. If you
notice, there's a lot of things that I
have hidden and I have removed simply
because it's so much context to be
giving right now. That's for more of my
advanced strategy where I actually dive
deeper into trading. That's for more of
taking one or two trades a week. This is
about taking a trade one hour every
single day. And my same confluences can
be used on the lower time frames. And
that's what I'm going to be that's
exactly what I'm going to be teaching
you guys right now. So the first
confluence is going to be the trend and
we're going to be looking for the trend
on the 4 hour and on the 2-hour. So if
we have the trend on the 4 hour and we
have the trend on the 1 hour, this is
going to be a 5% towards our grade. If
we simply don't have it, then that would
be minimized to then zero. So, we want
to make sure when we're analyzing the
markets that we have these time frames
together in order for us to have a much
stronger trade already, considering the
fact that we're looking for a trade
every single day. And the very very very
key thing is going to be when and the
only time you're going to implement this
trading checklist and these confluences
are going to be pre-London session or
pre-N New York session. You always want
to consider entering the market and
looking to execute a trade in these two
sessions before it during it and that is
it. Never after New York session because
it simply will not have any volume. So
you can take the trade pre-London,
during London, pre-new york, during New
York 900 a.m. is the latest time. And
the answer, and you're probably
wondering why the answer is because
since we're aiming for these smaller
timeframe trades, we want to make sure
that the session has enough volume to
take our trade to the takerit. So, for
example, perfect example of something we
could be looking for would be something
like this. This would be a trade that
here on the 4hour time frame, very
clearly this is going to the downside.
Here we have lower high, lower low,
lower high, lower low, lower high, lower
low, lower high. So this trade is very
clearly heading to the downside. So we'
come over here to our trade checklist
and we would count that as then bearish.
So that will be 5% towards our grade.
Then we're going to go to the 1 hour and
on the 1 hour we're going to do the
exact same thing. So we're going to be
looking at the 1 hour at this point
right here which is where I would have
entered this trade. When we head over
here to the 1 hour we can very clearly
tell that the 1 hour is also bearish.
Lower high, lower low, lower high, lower
low. And this time frame is then
bearish. Cool. So now we have two time
frames in sync giving us a total of 10%
at this moment. All right. I just remove
all this for now just so we can kind of
go through it. Right. Next, after we
understand the trend of the market,
we're then going to go to the area of
interest. Now, the area of interest is
extremely key when taking the trade with
this type of strategy because you need
to be at the area of interest. And I
know sometimes we wait for trades to get
to the area of interest, which could
take a couple of hours and can even take
a couple of days. With this strategy is
going to be literally at the area of
interest. Once we're there, we're good
to then enter the trade. This is a
perfect example how we would spot an
area of interest on the 1 hour or the 4
hour. An area of interest, we want to
make sure that has a minimum of three
touches above or below. And this is
going to give you the minimum amount of
confluences that you would need in order
to execute this trade. And on this
example right here, you can tell that we
have a very very very clean level of
support. We have one tap, two taps,
three taps, four taps. So when I see
this market break under and that is then
going to retest this area, that is a
solid confirmation. So then I would go
to my trade checklist and then I would
add that it is at a area of interest as
a 5%. Now, if you were to be using the
daily time frame or the weekly time
frame, which is a specific way on how to
use that, and I use that for my personal
strategy when I take my bigger trades,
that confluence in that percentage would
obviously go up. But since we're using
the lower time frames, obviously, the
percentage would be going down. Since
it's not as respected as the higher time
frames, the area of interest is
extremely key that we are at it. If we
are not at the area of interest, we
cannot take the trade. We have to wait
for the market to get to that area. And
this is why I analyze 10 to 15 different
markets every single Sunday with my
students because I want to make sure
that I can define if a trade is at an
area of interest or if it's on its way
to the area of interest. Sometimes it
could take an hour, sometimes it could
take a couple days. This one right here,
for example, took about 4 hours to make
it back into the area of interest, which
is a perfect trade setup for this
example right here. So then we would go
down to the 1 hour and we would confirm
that on the 1 hour this is as well as a
solid area of interest. Here on the 1
hour we have 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9. So this
is another confirmation that we also
have this area that is respected on the
1 hour time frame. You'll be surprised
how many times you'll have a solid area
of interest on the 4 hour, but then on
the 1 hour it's nowhere near as
respected. or you have a solid area of
interest on the weekly, but then on the
daily it's non-existent. The market just
breaks through it all the time. There's
a lot of wicks on the weekly, which is
all that structure on the daily. Same
exact thing applies on these lower time
frames. So, the area of interest is
extremely key because then this is going
to lead you to the next point. If we are
not at an area of interest, we cannot
take the trade. And the next confluence
is then going to be a candlestick
rejection from this area of interest.
The candlestick rejection is the
confirmation that we are rejecting the
area of interest. If we're at the area
of interest and we're not showing any
signs of a rejection, why would we want
to take the trade? That simply makes no
sense. This is extremely high risk and
already trading on the lower time frames
is high risk as it is. So, we want to
make sure that once we are at this area
of interest that we are actually
rejecting it and that we're having the
area of interest and the candlestick be
the exact same time frame because if we
have a 4hour area of interest but the 30
minute is rejecting but then you go to
the 4 hour and the 4 hour still has a
bullish candle, there's no real
confirmation there. If you notice here,
the 4 hour is indeed bearish. We're
indeed at this 4hour area of interest
and then the 4hour time frame has a
double dogee rejection from this area
making this a confirmation from this
area. So that would be one of the
confluences that I would add to my
checklist here which is going to give it
a total of a 10% because it is literally
letting us know that it is rejecting
this area without any confirmation of a
rejection. I am not interested in
entering the trade. I want the market to
show me their hand first. I don't want
to take a trade off of speculation that
it's going to potentially reject. No,
no, no. I want the market to reject.
Once the market rejects, then that is
the perfect indication that not only is
my analysis correct, but my confluences
indeed are perfectly lining up together
and this trade is now going to have a
move. You want to make sure that you can
put as many things together when you're
going to go enter a trade so you have a
reason to take a risk behind it. And the
best analogy that I can use for this is
let's say every single time you're going
to go take a trade, you're going to go
present it to your cousin, to your
grandpa, to your grandma that know
absolutely nothing of trading. And if
after you show them a series of
confluence and you explain to them and
they're like, "Hm, you know what? That
makes sense. Here's a hundred bucks. Put
it there." If they cannot believe in you
and your explanation does not make sense
to them, don't take the trade. the trade
makes no sense. This right here, just by
me me breaking down these first three
confluences, I'm sure you already are
like, hm, that trade does look clean.
That is the vibe that you want to get
when you're going to go enter a trade.
Everything needs to perfectly intertwine
and connect with one another. If not,
the trade simply doesn't make sense. So,
we have a confirmation that we are
rejecting from the 4 hour and the area
of interest because we're at the area of
interest. Now, let's go down to the 1
hour and let's see if the 1 hour is
doing the exact same thing. Now here on
the 1 hour you can very clearly see that
when this area broke this area for the
first time it had a very strong
rejection from this area giving it a
very strong bearish engulfing
candlestick from this area. Then price
made it back into this area of interest
and then you can see that the 1 hour is
having dogeis a bearish engulfing here a
bearish engulfing here. So on the 1 hour
time frame there is additional
rejections from this area which this is
again an added confluence because you
can have an area break on the 4 hour and
the 4 hour could have massive massive
massive rejections but then the 1 hour
the structure is bullish and it's
heading to the upside doesn't make
sense. This right here is a perfect
example of it being bearish and
additionally rejecting from this area.
This is what I call a Picasso perfect
trade. So this is where we would add
then as well as a 10%. Because we're
having another confirmation from a
different time frame that we are also
rejecting this area in confluence with
the last time frame which is perfect
because this is leading for us to then
go to our next spot which is then going
to be the entry signal. And that without
an entry signal I am not taking a trade.
This is going to be a key fundamental
confluence in order for the trade to
have the proper entry signal and the
proper stop-loss and proper take-profit.
Now, there's multiple steps to my entry
signal. This one right here in specific
is a bit complex to explain on this type
of strategy, and I'm sure I do this in
other videos, but this is a very simple
entry signal, which I like to use
regardless of the type of trade that
you're taking. and is going to be a
bearish engulfing candlestick or a dogee
rejection. And that can consist of a
candlestick like this one right here.
You have an evening star formation or
any of these dogee candlesticks. Now,
the entry signal is going to be on
either the 1 hour time frame or the 30
minute time frame. This is going to be
very key to making sure that you have a
sniper entry so your risk-to-reward
makes sense. So in the event of the 1
hour time frame, I would use this 30
this 1 hour bearish engulfing candle
stick right there. In the event of the
30 minute time frame, we would be using
a very very very clean engulfing from
this area right around here. So I would
use this engulfing from right here or I
would use this engulfing from right
here. This is going to be a perfect
entry signal from this spot right here.
And then our stop loss, we want to make
sure that we can give it anywhere from
10 to 15 pips from the previous high. So
if you notice the 30 minute time frame
is bearish up into this area of
interest. This is the lower high. This
is the lower low. This is creating
bearish rejection in here. So this is
the high of this retracement which is a
perfect confluence. So we would want to
give it anywhere from 10 to 15 pips. So
if this is 20 pips right here, we'd want
to make it roughly around 30. And that
is a beautiful breathing room for this
trade. So you can have the confluence of
continue to hold it forever long it is.
Because if this market for whatever
reason decides to then break above this
high, if it breaks above this high, it's
very likely that it'll come back into
this area, retest it, and then head to
the upside. The reason why I give it 10
to 15 pips of breathing room is to avoid
liquidity grabs and fake outs. I know
we've all experienced this in the market
when the market decides to do something
like that for no reason. and it'll have
a wick and then it'll take you out.
Usually these liquidity grabs, these
these wick outs tend to just break above
these highs, take out the highs and then
continue to have the push. So the way I
have perfected or tried my best to
perfect to avoid this is by simply
having a stop loss that has anywhere
from 10 to 15 pips above the high
because it's very unlikely where we are
right now for it to go anywhere above 10
to 15 pips from the high. Is there times
where it does it perfectly? Yes. It's
inevitable. There's nothing you can do
about it. It's part of the process. It's
part of the game. It's I like to call it
the fee of trading. the market's gonna
if you're gonna have the opportunity to
capitalize off of it, you have to have
the other side where you're going to
potentially lose it. It's normal and
it's literally unavoidable. But giving
it 10 to 15 pips from the high is very
key cuz then you have that breathing
room. A lot of traders, they like to
keep it very tight because I get it, you
can have a great risk-to-reward, but
you're very, very, very prone to this
and many traders tend to lose trades,
not because they're wrong, but just
because their stop-loss placement is way
too tight. So I would have it right
around here around 30 pips roughly and
then my takeprofit would be set at a
minimum of a one to 1.5 max 1 to2 with
these type of trades and this one got to
the whole entire 1 to2. Now the reason
why these trades would be at a 1 to 1.5
max at a 1:2 and not my typical 1 to 3 1
to 4 is simply because you're trading
the session. You don't anticipate for
the movement that you're going to be
taking with the session for it to
continue going throughout the next
session without having a retracement. So
this retracement, let's say it would
have gone into New York session, it
could have easily come back, created
another confirmation and then had the
move and then here potentially you would
have gotten taken out with the liquidity
grab. It is very key that you aim to
exit your trade at the end of New York
session if you entered in London. And if
you're decently into profit and you can
see that there can be continuation with
the daily momentum, then maybe continue
to hold. But I would just minimize your
risk by going to break even. I would not
hold throughout the daily candlestick
closure because of spread and because
you can be taken out to your stop loss
because you're trading very small
trades. If you're not in enough profits,
I would simply just close the trade out.
Even if you're in a little bit of draw
down or even a little bit of profit, I
would just get out. This is a very quick
and aggressive type of trading because
you're trading with just the session and
the volume. So having all of these
confluences added up with this trade
would give us a total of a 50%. Now
that's not a great type of grade to be
honest. I would give this anywhere from
a D setup max because the type of trades
that I like to take are anywhere from 80
90 to 100%. Now doesn't mean it's going
to have 100% win rate. That just means I
have a 100% of confluences of things
that I can combine together that make
the trade have a very high probability
of going in one direction versus the
other. Now, I have I've had trades that
have 150% and they still end up losing.
You're going to always be prone to
exposure in the markets. You're never
going to have 100% win rate. But what
this confluence sheet does, it lets you
know exactly what you're looking at,
what time frame you should be looking
at, and what type of trade you're
looking at, and what type of grade.
Sometimes when you're going to go enter
a trade, it simply doesn't have this. It
won't have this and it won't have this.
And you're like, "Wow, this trade
literally only has 30% towards your
direction. Does it even make sense to
risk 2% of my funded account here when
I'm a little bit into draw down or I've
made some nice profit? Does it make
sense?" Probably not. Or if you're
flipping an account and you're on a nice
winning streak and you want to enter
another trade hop, does it make sense to
risk all the money you just made on a
trade that doesn't really make sense?
probably not. So, you're going to wait
and build up this confluence for the
next best trade. And now, the very key
and important thing when it comes to
executing this confluence sheet is going
to be that you look at the right
markets. You want to make sure that you
have at least the 4 hour and the 1 hour
in your direction and that you're at an
area of interest. If you have these two
things in your favor, you are already
ahead of the game because you have the
trend in your direction and you're at a
solid area where the market has a
probability of rejecting there compared
to not. Now, all you have to do is wait
for that entry signal at the right
session, meaning pre-London, during
London, pre- New York, or maybe at New
York session, so you can then enter the
trade and have a quick one to one, one
to 1.5. This is all going to be with you
SP simply spending 1 hour a day in front
of the markets. And this is cool because
you get to get your feet wet. You get to
get understanding of how to actually
execute a strategy that has statistic
behind it and you have confluences in
your favor. But where things really get
powerful is when you use my actual
confluence sheet, which I can share with
you guys if you guys just simply fill
out the type form down below. I'll leave
a link in the description where it is
this whole entire checklist combined and
unlocking different confluences that I
personally look at when executing the
market. Because these other confluences
that I have here not applicable at this
very moment, they're far more powerful
than you can imagine because it's not
only adding these extra confluences, but
you're also doing it in combination with
different time frames when they all
intertwine. It makes a trade have a much
more predictable prediction of where it
can potentially go. So, for example, if
we were to just simply add the weekly
time frame here and then the daily time
frame here without even unlocking these
other different confluences that I use,
this trade could have easily gone from a
30% to an 80%, even a 90%, giving you
more of a reason to enter this trade.
So, if you guys want to get access to my
actual confluence sheet, I'll leave a
link in description below so you guys
fill it out. Once you guys fill out that
form, I'll then share it with you guys.
you guys will talk to my team and we'll
break it down exactly how this can work
and you guys can get access to my
strategy. And if you're new to my
channel, make sure you watch some of my
other videos because there I break down
my strategy as well when it comes to
using the higher time frames and how to
be a bit more patient and have a much
greater riskreward. Hope you guys
enjoyed this video. See you guys in the
next
