This simple A+ scalping strategy is the
 
foundation behind this account and this
one, too. And it's something you've
never seen before. Instead of the range
break, I'm trading the range reversal.
Just small quick scalps [music] in short
periods of time. So, I can focus on my
family and the last few months of my
mansion build. I don't hold anything
back. So, today I'm going to show you
the full strategy walk-through, real
trades, and exactly how I've automated
this in my trading routine. Now, nothing
here is a guarantee or promise of future
results, but if this helps you at all,
smash the like button, subscribe to the
channel, watch [music] the disclaimer,
and let's dive in.
Before we get into the strategy, this is
it running live right here. This is
obviously a higher risk setup where my
trading robot is executing the trading
strategy in real time. Some people in my
community are using this approach, too.
I'll show you their results later, but
first, you need to understand the setup.
So, let's break this down step-by-step
and keep it simple. Step one, setting
the range. I'm trading this model at
9:15 a.m. each day at UTC-4,
mainly on the Euro US Dollar. To make
this easy, I use the orb indicator. So,
come to indicators, type range, and
you're just going to grab the opening
range with breakouts and targets. Come
up to the settings right here. We're
going to use a custom range 8:00 to 9:15
UTC-4. So, we're looking at the first 75
minutes of the New York session. The
indicator is going to map out the high
and the low of that 75 minutes, and this
area right here will be our trading
range for the rest of the session. Step
two is weak breakouts or rejection
wicks. Here we have the top and the
bottom of our range. I'm on the 5-minute
time frame. This is a 5-minute time
frame strategy, and I'm looking for the
weak breakout. The first thing I have is
my range set, 8:00 a.m. to 9:15. Now,
I'm looking for a weak breakout, and
that's exactly what I get. This break
and close right there is very weak. The
next candle came right back into the
range, and it's the same thing in this
example right here. We get our range
set. So, this is our range for the
trading session, and then what do we
get? We get that weak breakout, [music]
and then price is right back into the
range. And I do the exact same thing
when I'm looking for rejection wicks.
Look, you can see my orb just got set
up, [music] and then price comes up to
the top and rejects. This is a rejection
wick. It tells me that price didn't have
the strength to break out of our range,
and so [music] I can expect the price to
actually continue down. And it's the
exact same thing that happens right
here. Rejection wick, price didn't have
the strength to break out of the range,
so I'm expecting the price to bounce
[music] up in the range. And this takes
us to step three, the reversal. I'm
entering my trade in the opposite
direction. I'm treating the top of the
range as a level of resistance, and I'm
treating the bottom of the range as a
level of support. So, when I get that
weak breakout, there's no displacement
being created, then I'm looking for buy
trades, and I'm expecting the price to
shoot up and smash my take profit. And
the same goes for the rejection wick. My
level of resistance, and I'm expecting
the price to reject down to my take
profit level right there. And lastly,
that rejection wick as the level of
support. So, I'm using the opening range
to tell me if price is going to reverse
or if price is going to continue, and
this is my open range reversal trading
strategy. Now, before I get into the
more advanced mechanics or more in-depth
statistics of the scalping strategy, I
want to show you this in action. So,
let's go through some real trades. So,
you can see here this was a real trade
that I took. We had the top of the
range, the bottom of the range, and then
price was coming to the bottom of the
range, and I was looking for the
rejection wick. At which point right
there, I was into the trading position,
and it was a fast position. Now, the
position may seem small because it was a
big range. So, this is in line with the
average profit level that I'm targeting.
As you could see, on average, that's
about 8.57 pips, and this position went
for 6.9. And the same thing on this live
trade here. We had our range. You could
see right here, price rejected. I got
into the trading position, right? I had
that wick rejection. I got into the
trading position, and then price started
pushing down. And this is another trade
that took just two candles,
approximately 7 minutes to get through
the trading position, but on this one, I
was able to get 16.7 pips, which is
higher than the average. Now, here's
another trade. We have our range. You
could see this one's even smaller,
right? Price pushed down. It started to
reject. When it rejected, I got into the
trading position, and then the price
pushed up in my direction in about two
candles again for a quick trading
position. This one was just 5.1 pips,
and that's fine. I'm not trying to hit
home runs strategy. I'm just trying to
hit singles. And here we are at it
again. Same sort of thing, rejection,
and a quick finish. On this trade, it
took about two candles and got about 7.5
pips, rejecting off the top of the
range, respecting it as a resistance
level. But what happens when the bottom
of the range doesn't get respected? Now,
that's definitely something that
happens, right? This scalping strategy
isn't perfect. You can see price pushed
down here. It rejected below the range.
I got into the trade. Price pushed up.
It was looking pretty good. I was
targeting about 12 pips on this one, but
then it started to go against me, right?
You could see this next candle, I
believe, was green again, and then after
that candle, it started to go against
me. So, you could see it didn't get to
my profit level, and then price started
coming down. So, what am I doing? Well,
at this level right here, as it came
down right here, I scaled into the
position again with a lot size twice the
size of the original entry. I then
adjusted the take profit of both
positions to this level right here.
Then, let's play that trading position
out. And at that point right there, it
was able to smash the take profit,
closing out the first position and the
second position in profit. This is what
I call hybrid execution. If you've never
seen this, you're going to want to. This
is where things get more advanced using
a controlled approach to scale into
positions. As you can see here, I
entered the trading position as this
wick here rejected at the bottom of the
range, but price went against me, so I
got into another position twice the
size. Price went against me, I got into
another position larger than that one
again here, and then price retraced to
this level where I got out for about the
same amount of profit because I'm just
looking for controlled growth. Now,
scaling into positions can be risky, so
I'm always keeping my lot size very,
very low. So, you can see here we get
the rejection wick right there, and then
I'm entering the trading position. The
trading position goes against me, right?
So, at this level right here, I got into
another grid entry there, and then I was
able to profit. So, the original entry
here did not work. Price went against
me, got into another trading position
here, and then exited here. Just the
same way I was showing you in
MetaTrader. Here's another example. Let
me go into more detail here. We have
that level of support that I'm trying to
use there. I'm [music] trying to get an
entry on a rejection wick. I got the
rejection wick, and then price goes
against me. So, I get into another
trading position, right? So, the first
position here, let's say I got in at .1.
The next position here, I got in at .2.
This was the original take profit level
right here, but when I opened the second
position, I shifted take profit level to
right here because I'm calculating about
the same amount of profit. So, this
would have been the exact same amount of
profit as I get from this trade right
here and the original position closing
here as well. Now, you can see the
calculations I have right here. So, I
will increase the distance of the next
trade as I scale in, and I will also
increase the volume or the size of that
trade as it moves on. And this is where
the trading robot comes in handy because
the math starts to get a little bit
complicated, but this is the exact way
that I'm using this trading strategy
today. So, if you have any questions,
leave a comment. Maybe jump in the
Discord. We're talking about this
strategy every single day in there. Like
the video, subscribe to the channel,
consider checking out my trading robot
that runs this exact strategy, or just
watch this video right here, and then
definitely watch this video right here,
and I'll be back next week. Much love.
