Today, let's understand my risk management
 
strategy, which is delivering excellent results so far.
This risk
management strategy will lead to two things:
first, you won't incur major losses. You'll
survive the market. If you
survive the market, you
know that at the end, the market
experiences such momentum that huge profits are seen in a single day.
Now,
first, my capital is large.
I always risk 1% of my capital.
Now, let's first understand the logic behind why I risk 1%.
First, if you
ask yourself, "Is it possible in my trading
career that I wo
n't incur 10 losses in a row?" No matter how
confident you are in the strategy
you're trading with, it's impossible
that if you execute 200 or 500 trades from here,
you won't have 10 losing
streaks and 10 losses. It's
normal, meaning this can happen; it's not inevitable. There are
chances.  Chances are, it will very rarely happen that
you will never make a
profit in 10 out of 10 trades. It is
very difficult to have zero trades out of 10 in this manner,
but we keep that in mind
because if that happens, then
there is a huge problem. Now
why am I saying this? The
most important term for a full-time trader is
his capital. If he is
not able to save his capital, then he will not be able to survive in the future
because he has to do all his work from it,
pay his electricity bills from it,
buy all his groceries from it,
manage his entire family responsibilities.
I am telling you that point of view
because I have faced that thing. So,
suppose a trader is
planning a risk of 2% to 3% on his capital and suppose in the
worst case scenario, he has a 10% losing
streak, then in the risk of 2%, his
capital will go down to 20% and in the 3%,
his capital will go down to 30%. Suppose our
capital has gone down to 10%.  So to recover that,
we have to make a
gain of 11.11%, only then we will
come to break even. If our capital goes to 20,
then break even will be around 22-23,
not press it, calculate a little
and if the capital goes to 30, then we will have to make a
gain around 35 or 40 including
brokerage. How, suppose
we made a loss of 10000 out of 1 lakh, how
much did it become? At 10, now we have
final capital 90000 left. Now if
we make a gain on 90000, then it will be 9000. If we
total these two, then how much will it become?
99000 only, that is, that 000 is still
less. So to cover that also, to
come to complete break even, we will have to make a
gain of around 11 and after removing this brokerage,
therefore, if you always want to give a big profit to the market, then
at 1, now understand
How can we assume that we don't reach the crore mark?
Okay, let's put that aside. Let's take
a decent figure.
Starting any business requires five, six, eight lakh, or ten
lakh rupees. We
take a figure of 5 lakh rupees. Now, suppose we have
capital of ₹1 lakh and we are risking ₹1, that is, a
risk of 5,000 per trade
and we make an investment of 1:3, which is
15,000. So, sometimes you know that
in options, the market gives a reward of 1:0. So,
in the case of 10, there will be profits of 50,000 rupees for a risk of 5,000 rupees. By doing this, if
we
gradually grow our capital, we will
also make profits. Even if there are losses in these cases, they will be
very small. So, the
first thing I follow is a
stop loss of 1 rupees. Along with this,
my reward always remains at
3 rupees, that is,  My 1:3 trade goes down
every time, some times it happens like this, while
trailing I also get 1:2,
taking it below right two is useless, we will discuss this
in some next video
why it is useless below 2 two, 1:1 is successful, why
not so much, but till 1:2 you can assume that
your dal roti will be fine, in 1:3 you
can expect a little that yes
you will eat in a good restaurant and
after that you can improve your lifestyle a little in four four,
so the point is
that
we always have to aim for big rewards on small risk, do that,
take a stop loss of ₹ 3300,
if your capital is 5000 then try
not to go more than 200, 300 is the limit for you,
now I am saying this because you
can take a risk of 1000 on 10000, you can also take a risk of 2000,
your capital is your choice, but
in such a case if  Even four or five times you have a losing
streak. Suppose you took one trade, the
stop loss was broken, you took another trade, the
stop loss was broken, three stop loss
continuations will come, you will have capital left to
trade further, so it is better to proceed
slowly. In stock market trading, the
tortoise always wins the race, so the
slower you proceed with understanding, the better the plan will be
for you. I hope you like this video and
share it with everyone because it is very important that
people know how much risk I should take in the trade I am doing,
so that they can understand the method or not. Yes, this is how we have to
proceed further and the most
important term is to subscribe and
like it because again that is the only way where I get
motivation from you
guys and I can get the feedback.
Tell me in the comment section how you liked the video. See you in the
next one. All the
[Sangeet]
Best
