Which is how now we have come to our
 
seventh lecture which is how to set
stop loss because now you have learned in the strategy
how to place dominance candle
but there are two ways of setting a
stop loss.  If you use the method of
decompression and compression that you understood in the previous lecture
in stop loss,
you will get a lot of advantage.  How to use it
, how to plan stop loss,
understand it on my screen.  Now if we
talk about setting stop loss, there are two types of
stop losses on which we
can plan our trade.  Where EMA is being talked about
because it is an EMA course.
Right?  So the first option is that we
take the stop loss of the candle.  And the second option is whether
we swing high
or swing
low.  Let's take its stop loss.  So
basically, when the market is moving,
what are swings?  If it is moving like this
, then we can give these areas
a swing high and a swing low.
Alright?  So, we can take a stop loss for this.
Where we feel that the
market will hit our SL soon today.
Right?  So whenever the price is actually
compressing, is on compression,
then there are more chances of hitting the SL.
So in such a situation,
for example,
we have got crossover here.
Right?  And if we want to take a short trade here.
We know that it is already
going into price compression also.  This happened later.
But looking at this part, it seems
that the price is getting compressed.  And
if there is movement here, then there can be a big movement.
So in this situation
we keep our stop loss at the swing high.  Because
anyway we are going to get a lot of momentum.
Right?  So in such a situation, if we have
entered anywhere here, our stop
loss should be at the swing high here.
Alright?
And whatever stop loss we place, we can
take the target of stop loss as 1:2 and 1:3.
I have already told you about the candle,
how can you plan the stop loss in the candle, let's say
this is a dominance
candle.  We are getting trade here.
So we have to keep a stop loss at its high.
Correct?  I taught you this.
But there is another method also which is
called Point of Control (POC).  There
is also a strategy on POC basis.  If it gets
uploaded in the app in future, you will get to see it.
But in short we can use that method here
for SL.  And I use it a
lot.  What is that method?  Whenever a
very large dominance candle is formed.
Whenever a very large dominance candle is formed.
Like this is a very big candle.  Now if I
keep a stop loss at its high then it will be a very big
stop loss.  So what do I do
?  I place my stop loss at 50% area of ​​that candle.
This is called
placing a stop loss at the point of control.  Now
where does the point of control come from?  Point of
control is actually a term of order flow.
What happens in this is that whenever a
candle is formed, such orders of aggressive buyers are seen in the candle.
Such orders are seen from aggressive sellers.  And the place where there is maximum volume in that candle is
called the point of control.
Because that's what happens.  If
the price goes above that level, it means it is
going to go against it and if it does not go above that level, then the price will continue moving
downwards from there itself, somewhere around that level.
Right?  So I set my
stop loss when a very large candle is formed.  Now
you have the order flow so you can see it.
It's good.  He will show you more precious.
Because sometimes a dominance candle is
formed.  Three dominance candles are formed from the let.
So sometimes point off these three are
short key.  So sometimes the point of control is
here.  Sometimes it is in between.
Sometimes it is above.
For that you will have to see the order of flow.  But in
general, when you compare 100 candles, then out of 100
candles,
you will find the point of control in the middle in 70 or 80 candles.   So,
whenever a very big candle is formed,
I keep my stop loss
in the middle of the candle.  If the candlestick
is normal, it shows that it has not covered a very large range.  If
such a big stop loss is
not being formed, then the high of the candle
is safer but if a very big candle is being formed
, I see that the market is
in momentum.  Today will go in my favor, I can achieve the target
easily.  So if I do
n't give stop loss more than this.  And if
seen from this perspective, then the price entry that I would have made in this particular area would have been something like this.
We would have made our entry at the cross.
Our stop loss will be half of the end candle.
And till
here I took the candle 1:3.5
but I will expect this much
from the market.  That's all I got.  My work is done.   That's
it.  Whereas if I have to take SL at the high of the candle then
my ratio is only 1:1.
This is the advantage when you
place your stop loss at the point of control, so
we actually have
three ways to plan stop loss.  Let me also show you an example of long so that it becomes
easy for you to plan a long trade.
For example, here the market has
confirmed to you at this place that no, yes here the
price has
gone to the buy side.  Correct?
When the price goes to the buy side here,
in this situation our stop loss will be placed.  This is the
lowest point of the swing we see.
So this is where our stop loss will be.  So in the same
way, whatever swing low is visible, if
for example
we are entering here, then
our stop loss will go below the low of this swing.
So basically there are three ways we can
set our stop loss depending on the
market conditions.  The first is we take a full candle.   The
high and low of the full candle.  Then in the second we use
swing high and low.  And the third one we use is
point of control.
Point
of
control.  What to do where?  I will
repeat it once again.  Whenever the
market has formed a small range candle.
Small
range, there we use full candle.
And along with this, another thing to keep in mind is
that the market should not be in compression.   The
second option is
when do we place stop loss at swing high and swing low?
When the
market
is in compression.
And thirdly we
place SL of Point of Control Point of Control.
dominance
candle
range is high.  Whenever the range of the dominance candle is
high, the SL of the point of control has to be
taken.  Now look, it is visible in front that
it has just hit the SL at the point of control.
Then the market went down and
after that, the SL here also got hit.
So if the point of control goes, it will go away anyway.
Therefore, if the
market has to go in its favor at the point of control, it will go
up even before the point of control.
And if the point of control is lost, it
means that the entire SL is about to be lost.  Then it
is better for the man to leave.  Why give us the entire SL
?  All right.  In this way you
can adapt yourself dynamically.  The more
you practice, the better it will be.
Learn three methods.  Swing high, swing low,
dominance candle, full candle stop loss
and point of control.  Now let's move on to
our lecture at pay.
