Hi my name is Khan and in this chapter we will
 
learn what is inducement?
How to identify it and why it is
so important in the smart money concept.  So
in this video we will learn in a simple way
what is inducement?  And how to
identify it.  Whether your market is
bullish or bearish.  You have to do structure
mapping or you have to take entry.
Induction work is done everywhere
and that is why induction is very prevalent.
As we learned in the first chapter, when
we map a structure, it is
necessary to take an inducement.  Only then
our structure gets
confirmed.  Lower low is confirmed
and your higher high is confirmed
in a bullish market.  Same things will apply here
also.  Here we have to identify the same things
that which high should we take which we can
consider as an inducement and one of them is
liquidity.  These two parts are
incentive and liquidity.  Liquidity
is a different topic and inducement is a different topic.  There is
a minor difference between induction and liquidity
that the
first high which is induction is the internal high
or you can say your first point
after the break of structure is
called induction.  And
your liquidity points can be
of different types.
Your turn line could be liquidity support
resistance liquidity.  Your
external liquidity, internal liquidity, there are
many types of liquidity which
we will discuss in the next chapter.
So now we will talk
about inducement.  If you are
looking at the first diagram, the Bears diagram, then the
structure in it is that the market is
dropping downwards and
creating a continuous lower low.
If you look here before this structure was broken, you will notice that the
price action is
dropping in this manner.  Right?  This is a correction.
Correction means that the
price in the market is moving in this wave
and it also goes down a lot at
times.  Right?  Also from this type and sometimes
what happens is that what the market does is that it will
make only one from here.  Right?  A wave was
created and the market broke.  So the
break of our structure happens when the
market breaks it.  It
gives closing below this.  And
what happens after the closing is given?  We have to confirm our lower low.
And how will you confirm the lower low
?  We have to see
where our previous high is compared to our recent high?  If you
look at this fuzz, this is your first
recent high which is called induction
and this is called induction.  This
is a simple way to identify an
inducement.  Sometimes your market
will take the inducement and the market will go
down after that.  Sometimes the market will
take your indication and move up
to your extreme order flow order block and then the market will move down.
It depends on the situation.
So if you look at the previous diagram,
your inducement is this
point.  This is your inducement
and what did the market do after this inducement
?  It went up and after going up, it
tapped some unmitigated order flow
and then the market dropped downwards.  The
same things are on your left side.  The
first high that was made was also made in this type.  A
lower low was formed followed by a lower
high.  The market took the inducement.
The market came down, broke, and came down.  So
this is called inducement which is the first
internal high.  What happened in the next wave
?  The market went up and when the market went up,
it was not your inducement.  This has to be kept in mind.
Why?  Because the market
trend is bearish and we have to identify the investment only when there is a break of structure in the market.
This is
not your inducement.  Because no
structure has been broken here.
If the market had broken this then this could have been
your inducement and after that the
market would have gone up again in this manner.  But there
is no inducement of any kind here right now.  So what to do in the market
?  Lower lows are being formed in the market.   There may be a
break in the market structure or a
change in its character.  Only then his
induction is confirmed.  Here the
market dropped downwards and I
just took a pullback about it in this way
and then gave closing on the downside.  This is
our break of structure which has been confirmed.
And when our break of structure was
confirmed.  In this leg
we have to see where our investment is.  The
first internal high will be our
incentive.  Right?  And one more thing
you have to keep in mind is that when the market breaks the
structure, it goes upwards
and when the market goes up, it happens like this.
Ok?  So this will never be your
inducement.  Induction is always
on your left side.  Whether you have a
bearish market or a bullish market.
You have to identify the investment on the side where the market breaks its structure
and that is our
valid investment and
your investment in this portion is at this point.
This is about your bearish condition.
Now let us understand a little about bullish conditions and
how to identify it.  Same things
will apply.  Just what does it consist of?
You have a break low and
you have a break high in a bearish market.  This thing has to be kept in mind.
Everything is just opposite.
When we identify the inducement.
If you talk about bullish market
, then where is your recent low in it
?  This one point.  So, this is your first
point, it will be called inducement.
Because the market broke it and
what happens to us after it breaks
?  Higher is higher confirmed.  As
we learned.  Where we
learned about structure mapping in the first chapter.  So the
market took the inducement.
After taking the inducement, the market went up again.  And
when do we have to identify the index?  When the
market breaks out of its structure.   The
market broke out of structure here.
But our market
inducement was created here in this way.
But the market did not take this one.
What happened to the market then?  The market
went up further in this manner and continued to go up.  He made two moves.
And then what happened finally?   The
market broke the first internal low or you
can say the first pullback.
What do you call it after breaking the first recent low?
Inducement.  So what will happen in this case
?  This point of yours has been induced
and this point will not be your induced.
Always keep in mind that your
inducement will be on the left side where the
structure breaks.   This
is a very important thing to be kept in mind and your
inducement will never be on the right side
because your structure break has
happened on this side and you will get the
inducement on this side only.  When the market is bullish,
your inducement will be formed by breaking the low
and when the market is bearish, your
inducement will be on the left side only but will be formed by
breaking the high.  So this thing has to be kept in mind.  This
is very interesting and
also very important because without this
your structure mapping may be wrong and
without this your PY identification may also be
wrong.  So keep this thing in mind, it
is quite simple and if you see in the next move, the
market broke the structure here.
Now the structure has been broken here.
For example, if the market goes
down from here in this manner and then goes
up, then our
investment will be this one.  If the
market breaks it then our
structure will be confirmed.  Right?  If the
market does not break this and continues to go up
something like this.
Right?  So whatever our first low is, that will be our
inducement.  And where is our first take
?  Here.  So what will happen to us?
Induction will take place.  This is the definition of
inducement.  The
first high and low after the break of the structure is
called inducement.  But keep in mind that
if the market is bearish then you have to
hold the high and if the market is bullish then
you have to hold the low of the investment.  So in this
way you can identify the
inducement.  Now let me show you a little real
chart.  Then you will
understand a little better.  So this is the
structure of the bullish market we have right now.
And what happens in a bullish market structure
?  When the market confirms a higher high, there are some
conditions on the upper side but
whenever the market breaks the previous major high,
closing of the price is
compulsory.  If you
see in the first move, the market broke here
but it broke a little here but this is
not our break of structure which
we learned in the first chapter that
whenever the market has to break of structure and
confirm it, then closing of price
is compulsory there.
What happened in the next attempt?  The market broke this high
but did not give closing here also.
Our structure was not confirmed yet.
Our structure got confirmed after
reaching here because the price
gave closing above it.  Now this is our
valid break of structure.  And
after a valid break of structure is made, we will need a low to confirm
that our high, which is becoming our higher high,
is confirmed.  And
we will call that internal loss as inducement.  So in this fuzz,
if you see, where is your first internal
low?
This is your first internal low at this point.  You can call
it inducement.  So this is called
inducement and this is called pullback.
And what happens in this case
?  Because when the market is bullish, it is
compulsory to break the previous low and the recent low of the market.  Only then
our higher high is confirmed.
As we learned in the first chapter.  And the
same thing here that the market
created a higher high here.  The market
dropped downwards and reached the previous low and
this previous low is what we call the inducement.
This is a simple way to identify
inducement.  The market broke out of
structure.  If we start counting the minor structure from here, then the
market has moved upwards in this manner.
Right?  In this type.  So the first
low in this is our inducement.
So this point is our inducement.  The
market accepted it and
after accepting it, the market could have gone up from here also.   I could have
come down a little further and gone further and
even after coming from here I could have gone up.
Ok?  But our inducement will
say this point and what happened again?   Did the
market break it and
where did it break?  At this point.  Now
what did the market do here?  This was confirmed as break of
structure.  So our
structure has been
confirmed at this point.  Right?
Because in the first attempt here the
market has just done a liquidity sweep and
in that case we will not consider it a break of structure
unless the price closes above it.  The
price gave above
closing.  Only then our break
of structure became valid.  If you
look after this, all this
range from here to here is an internal range.
You do
n't have to pay attention to anything that happens in between.  It is not that the
market did not break it here.  Are you
considering this as an inducement or are you
considering it as an inducement in this way?  This is
not the way.  We should not hold the investment until the market
breaks the previous high low.  The
market
broke this high at this point and
what happened after breaking here?
Our lower low was confirmed here
and the market went up from here.
After the market goes up, if you notice, the
market movement is going something like this.
Right?  This is our pullback from here to here.
So where is the first internal low in this case
?  This is it.  Right?
So this is our first internal low,
we will call it inducement.  It is
compulsory for the market to accept it.  Only then
So this is an inducement.   The
market came down and after coming down,
whatever unregulated order flow you had, the
order blocks were tapped and after that the
market went up.  We will
learn how to do this and get entry in the next chapter.  Now
after this break of structure, if you
see here, as soon as the market
broke it.  What did the market do?
Gave a pullback.  If we identify the pullback in this, then
our pullback is
something like this.  Right?  So
our first low in this will be our inducement
which is at this point.  So this is our
inducement.  And
after taking this inducement, the market confirms higher high.
And the first pullback is
called inducement.  It is simple
and that is all you need to keep in mind.  If
the market is bearish then it is
necessary to take the previous high and that is what we call
inducement.  Now let us look a little at the bearish market,
how it
works and how to identify it.
This is our bearish structure.  You
can see the market is making our lower low.  The
market broke the previous low
and closed below it.
What did the market do next?  Our breakout structure
confirmed.  But before this break of structure,
if you see how our minor
structure has been formed, it will be like this.
Right?  So this is a pullback
which the market took to the previous high and
after taking the previous high, our lower
low gets confirmed here.  So sometimes the
market can go even higher.  It does
n't matter.  Ok?  The actual thing is
that our inducement should be taken.  The market
took the inducement.  Braked downwards.  Gave
closing here.  Now after this break
of structure.  We have to see
where our pullback is.  So this
was a minor pullback here.  Now here this is a
minor pullback because it
took the high of the previous candle.  You should know how to
identify our previous pullbacks.  Which I
explained in the first part, how to
identify the pullback.  Ok?  So this was
our inducement.  The market took it.
This is our first pullback and that is our
inducement.  The market went up and could have gone
even higher because the
market range is between this low and
this high.  The main thing is to
take inducement.  And the first high that happens is an
inducement for us.  The
market went up in a bearish market.  The market
broke again here.  Now the breakout
structure is confirmed here.
After the breakout structure, if you look at the pullback here, then
how the pullback has
formed here is something like this.  Right?  So this
is our pullback.  Now where is our first high in this case
?  This is the point.
So this is our inducement.  The market
took this and after taking the inducement the
market again came down.  Then we
broke the structure and
after breaking the structure, if you see
where your pullback has formed in this type, then this is
your first pullback in this one, so
as soon as the market
took this indication, our lower low got
confirmed and this is our major high which
we typed in green and
what happened from here, the market broke it
on the up side, this was our change of
character, that is, now the market was bearish and
from bearish it became bullish, so now
our indication will be on the lower side, that
means the previous low will be broken, then
our higher high will be confirmed and
what was it till now?  Previous high was being broken.
So our lower low was getting confirmed
because the market was bearish.  Now as
you scroll you will move upwards.  Now
as soon as the market changed its character from here.  The
change of character meant the
market was bearish.  Shifted from bearish to bullish.
If you have to identify the index here.
So how will we do it?   The
market must first change its structure
or break out of its structure,
which is a major high or low.  Now what is there for us in this
?  Minor we have to do our structure mapping.  If
you look from here, these are our
pullbacks.  What is the butt market doing?
No one has taken the pullback.  And this is
not your pullback because the major pullback is
your this one.  So we will never
consider this one.  You have to keep this thing in mind.  The
market is going up.  Took a small
pupbak.  Now it has broken this high.
We will consider this as an
inducement.  Why?  Because it has
broken our previous low
here.  So this is our previous low.
This will act as our edge inducement
and this point will not be our edge
inducement because it
is on the right side and you always have to look at the left side
because the market has broken here.  The
market has gone up and this
range from our high to this low has
not been broken by the market.  So the
market should break this from here.
Then this would have been our inducement or if this
high had broken it then this could have been our
inducement.  Like it has happened here.
So now our structure will
shift in this way.  This will be your higher
high and what did the market do?   I
broke it here in the next attempt.
Now this is your break of
structure because now there is bullish momentum in the market
and this is your lowest point,
it has become your higher low.  Ok?  The market went up
again.  If you look closely here
, you will understand that there is a break of structure.
After the breakout structure, you will need a
pullback of this type.  So in this case,
where is your first inducement?  At this
point.  Now as soon as the market
took the inducement, your higher high got confirmed at
this point.  Because this
is the highest point and after taking the inducement,
we will see buy in the market.
But what happened?  The market again
shifted from bullish to bearish from here.   At
this point, this low was
broken and now our
market has again shifted from bullish to bearish.  Now,
this market of yours has shifted
to bearish, here you will have to identify
where our minor structure is and where we
can take it as a pullback.  You
can take an edge off an indexation.  Ok?  So
in this case, if you see, the
first inducement of the market is this high.
As soon as the market took the inducement, the
market again dropped downwards and this will
confirm our lower low.  And
when will this be our lower high confirmed?  When
the market breaks it and
closes below it.  This will be our break
of structure.  Ok?  Now this is our break
of structure.  The market came down again
and after coming down, if you look at this face,
where are your pullbacks?  This is
your entire single leg.  The market has
taken a minor pullback here and then the
market has come down.  So, this one
which is high of ours, it will work as an inducement at
this point.  Since the market
is bearish, it is
important to take the previous high with minor.  Why
is this?  Because why are we taking this high
?  Because it has taken the high of the previous candle.
This is a valid pullback.  If there is a pullback,
we will consider it as a lower low
here.  And when is this lower high?  When the
market breaks this high, sorry, this
low, it will
close below it.  I braked and came down.  Same
thing happened here.  This is your pullback.
Now this is your pullback.  This is your lower low
confirmed.  And this point became your
inducement.  Because the pullback of the market is
just a move from here to here.
Right?  This is your
inducement.  The market took it and
after that there was a downfall in the market and
this will become your lower high.  Whenever the market
breaks it in this manner.  So in this
way you can mark the inducement.
Whether you have a bullish market or a bearish
market.  This is a simple and easy way to
mark the inducement.  So I hope
you have understood
how to mark the inducement and in the next chapter we will
explain liquidity.  Until then,
repeat this again and again.
Analyze your chart.  Do
not move on to the next topic until all these things are clear.
Until your previous chapter is cleared.
If you move to the next topic,
you will face difficulty in understanding.  If any of your
concepts remains incomplete then further
things will not be clear to you.  So
cover each topic step by step.
So you will do each topic one by one.   Do
not move on to the next topic until all the topics are cleared.
Understand each topic in detail.
Understand that.  Analyze on the chart.  Do
n't focus on the entry right now.  The main thing is that you should know how to
mark your structure properly.  One should know how to
identify inducement.
Repeat your order block, order flow video again and again,
watch it as much as possible and the main thing is
apply it on your chart.  Because if
you continue this process for 1 month,
your chart
view will completely change.  I
hope you have learned a lot in this chapter
and I will meet you soon
in the next chapter.  Till then, happy
trading.
