After 16 years in the markets, one
 
trading concept has consistently made me
the most profit. It's not complicated.
It's not a secret. It's supply and
demand. When most traders see the price
push up aggressive just like this, they
think they missed the move, but they
really didn't. This aggressive push
creates a level of demand that can be
used for your next trade. Now, I'm going
to teach you exactly how I've been using
supply and demand in my trading for the
last 16 years with a full strategy, but
I don't promise or guarantee any
results. I just hope that you could
learn one or two things from this video
to take into your trading plan. So,
please smash that like button, subscribe
to the channel, and let's pop up the
charts. Let's start with a trade example
from my live stream to show you that I'm
using this supply and demand trading
concept in my trading every single day.
As price is moving here, it's making an
aggressive move up with three big green
candles in a row. This creates a level
of demand. Then the price retraces back
to that level of demand, enters a trade,
and smashes my takerit in less than 10
minutes. This is the power of supply and
demand. And this is a trade I took in
front of thousands of people live with
confidence because I trust my analysis.
So, let me teach you how you can use
supply and demand in just four steps.
One, I'll teach you how to draw supply
and demand zones properly. Two, I'll
show you why they work. Three, you'll
learn which zones are most powerful. And
four, I'll bring it all together and
give you my complete scalping strategy.
Look, I promise this is worth your time.
Just look at my DMs. Demand zone, smash
the profit. Demand zone, another take
profit. Demand zone, another take
profit. demand zone and another take
profit. And these are three DMs I got
just this morning. There's way more
coming in every single day with people
using my supply and demand strategy. So,
let's get into phase number one, drawing
proper supply and demand zones. Now,
before I draw the first zone, it's
important to understand this works on
any time frame. I like it on M5 or M15.
You could use this on any time frame.
And if you look at my market watch on
the right hand side, you could see I
trade supply and demand on every single
pair. That's every single forex pair.
Bitcoin, gold, US30, NASDAQ, oil. This
works on any asset. So, let's draw some
zones. We have a huge push up right
here. That creates a demand level right
here. We have another huge push up right
here. So, in the uptrend, we're looking
for buy demand zones. In a downtrend,
like we're seeing right here, we're
looking for supply zones. We have the
big push down right here that creates a
supply zone right here. And what we're
looking for price to do is we're looking
for price to retrace back to that demand
or retrace back to that supply. And if
we use the Fibonacci from the bottom to
the top of the move right here and pull
it across, we're looking for price to
come down to that 100% retracement, all
the way back to demand or all the way
back to supply right there. And when
price gets to that level, we're looking
to go long in that uptrend. We're
looking to go short and sell in the
downtrend. Let's take it to a real chart
and show you some real trades that I
took on stream. Look, we have a big push
up right here. Created a demand zone
right there. But you can see price never
came back to that level. But we are in
that uptrend, right? Price is moving in
one direction. Then we've got a push up
of the price right here creating a
demand right here. Not a great demand
because we have some red candles in the
middle right here, but it still worked.
Look, price tapped the level, shot up.
price tapped the level, shot up. So,
that's a valid demand. It would have
worked. But for the trade I took on
stream, you could see here one, two,
three green candles in a row, a little
red one here, and then two big green
candles in a row. We also have fair
value gaps in these candles, which makes
it an even stronger demand zone. I'll
get into that a little bit later. So,
where am I drawing the zone? On this
indecision candle before the big push
up. Now, you can do the consolidation,
right? So, you could open this thing up,
cover this consolidation right here.
That's fine as well. But I usually use
an indecision candle like we're getting
right here. Now, on this trade, we had a
huge red candle come back on the
retracement right here, which I don't
like. So, I waited to see reactions like
a wick right here. I didn't want to see
this candle close beneath the zone, and
it didn't. It wicked. So then as the
price started to come up, I entered the
trading position making sure that the
demand was valid, which it was. And you
can see the trade tapped the demand one
more time. And then eventually after a
few five-minute candles, pushed all the
way up and smashed my takerit right
there live on stream. And the exact same
thing happened on this sell trade. Now
you can see we have 1 2 3 four five red
candles down. That's a big push down.
Had this huge rejection right there,
creating a level of supply on the green
candle before the big push down. You can
see the candles have those fair value
gaps. Look at this huge fair value gap
right there. That's going to suck the
price back in. And on this one, you can
see price entered the zone slower,
right? It wasn't that huge push down.
So, I felt confident to enter the trade
right at the entry level right there.
And that's exactly what I did live on
stream. You could see we reacted pretty
well to that supply. Slowly but surely,
the price comes down after reacting to
the supply as I like to see it. And then
I smash my take-profit again live on
stream in front of thousands of traders.
Now, it's really that simple to draw
supply and demand zones. Now, I'm going
to explain why they work. For the second
step, I'm going to quickly explain why
this works. Then, I'm going to show you
how to create those powerful zones and
get into the full scalping strategy.
Supply and demand works because of
institutional order blocks, trap
traders, and liquidity. Don't worry,
this is easier than it sounds. In this
one, we get 1 2 3 4 five big green
candles up creating a level of demand
right here. You can use the red candle
or you could just put it right around
this recent consolidation. That's
absolutely fine. Then you can see price
comes down right here to the level. We
enter our trading position right there.
And what happens? Price pushes up,
reacts to the demand, smashes the
takerit. But why? Why? Why? Why? It all
comes down to these huge green candles
right here. This aggressive move.
Traders can't do this. only
institutions. So when you see a huge
candle like this with a big fair value
gap, that means banks, hedge funds,
multi-million dollar funds push the
price up. But those banks and hedge
funds can't get all their orders in
right here. The orders are too big. So
the orders stack on top of each other
like this. Okay? And then when the price
comes back down, it starts catching
those orders again on the way up. So all
we have to know is this footprint. Rich
people, multi multi multi-million dollar
corporations like this price. So we like
this price. That's the institutional
order blocks. Then you get trapped
retail traders and liquidity. When
traders see this huge push up like this,
the retail traders go, "All right, it's
time to buy." That's exactly when the
institutions push the price back down,
smash that retail stop-loss. Then after
the big push down, retail traders think
it's time to sell. And you already know
what happens. Price pushes all the way
back up hits the retail stop losses and
the hedge funds collect all their
profits. It's really that simple. We
want to trade supply and demand with
Smart Money. Now, let me show you step
three. How to get the most powerful
supply and demand zones. If you're
looking for a place to trade, I
recommend you sign up with the AAA FX
broker. I've recently switched over.
There's no problems with my old broker.
I just love the commissions, the
spreads, the platform, and registration
is absolutely free. So, click the link
in the description. Now, let's get back
to the video. Now, before I get into the
full scalping strategy with supply and
demand that you could take on your
charts, let's get into powerful zones.
So, let's go ahead and play this out. 1
2 3 four huge red candles in a row. That
gives us a supply zone at the green
candle before the big push down. That's
how I prefer to draw my zones. Now, the
first thing we're looking for in a
powerful zone is a clear impulsive move.
This move is incredibly clear. There's
multiple fair value gaps on candles not
being covered. So, this is giving us
strong imbalance. You can also see this
move break through the trend line right
here, which is a strong sign that price
is going to go down. So always draw your
trend lines. Then as we play this out,
you could see the next step is that this
is a fresh untouched level of supply,
right? Price is only coming into this
level here, right? Price didn't come
into this level here, go down, and then
come back, right? It's just coming in
right here. So fresh untouched, then
your price is going to go all the way
down and smash your takerit like it did
just on live stream. Again, every trade
I showed you here is a live stream
trade. Verify it yourself. And the third
thing I want you to look out for for a
powerful zone is how close we are to the
breakout. Right? You can see, look, we
had our move right here. Price came down
and just a few candles later, we're back
in supply. So, it was close, it was
fresh, and it was impulsive. That's what
you need to know. And obviously, the
bigger the candles on the way down, the
better. Now, let's package this all up
into one winning supply and demand
scalping strategy for you. This is what
you've been waiting for. It's time for
the full scalping strategy using supply
and demand. First thing you want to do,
come set your time frame to 5 minutes.
Come to the bottom right here. Set the
time to UTC minus4 New York. Then come
up to indicators. Type opening range
with breakouts. You're going to click on
this indicator right here. These are the
only settings you need. Just click this
here. this here. Set the time period to
15 minutes. 9:30 to 9:45 UTC minus 4.
We're doing open range breakouts. So,
watch. You see the price goes up, it
goes down. Right? These are the first
three candles of the New York Stock
Exchange open. Okay? 1 2 and three. That
creates the open range high and the open
range low. Now, we simply want the price
to come below and break or come above
and break. As you can see, it already
came above and broke right here. That
tells us that we want to buy. Okay,
really simple. Now, Pat, when do we get
into supply and demand? Right now, look
at the red candle before the huge push
up there. That is our level of demand.
So, look, we are in an uptrend right
here. Price is pushing up. We broke
through the range. Now, we need to have
a pullback, right? Where do we want that
pullback? We want it to come to our
demand zone. So in this case, we've got
to be patient. When is it coming? And
then what do we do? Bingo. Price enters
the demand zone. Now we are ready to
buy. Where do we want to put our
takerit? All the way up here. Have the
stop loss below the demand. That's how
we do it. If there's any wicks you're
worried about, maybe you could put your
stop loss below there to be less risky.
But I like to put it below the demand
and below the range low. Right, that
range low that I showed you. Then we can
enter our trading position. You could
see goes in our direction and does smash
the takerit right there. Doing it
together. You can literally do this on
any asset. I do this every single day in
my live stream. So, make sure to watch
the live streams. Make sure to watch my
one strategy for life video. I'll put
the link to that in the description
showing this entire process in detail
detail detail. Make sure to smash the
like button. Subscribe to the channel.
Leave a comment if you have any
questions. Consider joining my VIP
trading room. I'm sending signals in
there every single day. Maybe watch this
video right here. Definitely watch this
video right here. And I'll be back next
week. Much love. Up.
