Trading is [music] complicated, but my
 
community members have won all of these
trades just this past week using the
easiest scalping strategy I trade daily.
So, if you're tired of being out in the
cold, let me teach you a high win rate
scalping strategy that I use to heat up
my accounts. Now, I don't promise or
guarantee [music] any future trading
results, but if this helps you, smash
the like button, subscribe to the
channel, read the disclaimer, and let's
dive in.
The easiest scalping strategy that I
trade daily all starts with one candle.
I mark out the high and I mark out the
low of that candle. I wait for an
impulsive price move outside of that
range, creating displacement. Then, I
enter my trading position and if it goes
my way, I smash a takerit. Now, you've
probably seen other videos explaining
this strategy and how it's always at
9:30 a.m. Eastern, but my community is
made up with members from all around the
world. So, we actually trade this
strategy using the first 15-minute
candle of any trading session. That's on
Forex, futures, gold, indices,
everything. And I'm going to break down
that strategy in full. Then, I'm going
to show you an entire day back testing
one trade for every session to show you
this actually works. Now, before we get
into the lesson, five lucky commenters
are getting free VIP. I just want you to
tell me something about your favorite
animal or pet because my dog Honey right
now has cancer and I'm really looking
for some prayers. Now, let me teach you
the easiest scalping strategy that I
trade daily step by step, starting with
step one. For step one, we're on the M15
time frame. We're looking at this
15minute candle right here. It goes
down, it creates a candle low, it goes
up, it creates a candle high, and then
it closes. This gives us the range top
and the range bottom creating our
opening range. So, it's the exact same
thing on the chart. You can see here the
candle goes up, the candle goes down,
and then the candle closes. This creates
our range high and our range low. For
step two, we're just monitoring on the
M5 time frame. So, let's go to the M5
time frame. Look, we could play a couple
of candles out here. We are just
waiting. And what are we waiting for?
We're waiting for the direction on the
M5 time frame. We want to see a big
candle come out and close impulsively
outside the top or the bottom of our
range. So, as the price plays out here,
you could see we start getting those
huge impulsive price moves. 1 2 3 4 5 6
seven green candles in a row. Big green
candles creating displacement. Once we
get the break and close outside the top
of the range and it happens in an
aggressive way, it tells us the market
is likely to continue in that direction.
At this point, there's a ton of ways to
enter a trade. Personally, I like levels
of demand. I like fair value gaps.
That's what we're focusing on today. So,
as you can see, this candle right here
closes here. That creates a fair value
gap. This is an area of imbalance in the
markets. Let me zoom in to show you a
little bit further. This candle closes
here. This candle closes here. So
everything in this box right here is
considered a fair value gap. It's
unmititigated price. And we get that
when we have an aggressive move creating
displacement. So now it's possible for
us to enter a trade. And we want to
enter at that fair value gap that's just
created, but not right away, right? We
want to make sure that the fair value
gap is actually going to hold. So in
order to do that, we want this
candlestick pattern right here. a
bullish engulfing pattern. That's a
pattern where this candle right here
engulfs this candle right here. It's
simply just bigger. And that's a
momentum indication that price is going
to continue in our direction. At this
point, I'm willing to enter my trading
position and let the trade play out.
Now, at this level right here, I will
consider taking a partial profit because
this is a level of resistance. So, maybe
I'll take 20 30% off the trade. At this
point, I'll generally pull my stop-loss
to break even, and then I will let the
trade continue to play out, eventually
going all the way up here and smashing
my takerit beautifully. Now, I'm going
to show you where I put my takeprofits,
where I put my stop- losses as I go
through five trade examples, and I'll
show one new confluence in every example
that I use to increase my win rate when
I trade with this strategy every single
day. Like for example on this trade
here, I would have been looking at just
trend direction, right? We had the price
push up and then we had a pullback. I
don't see any other pullback until we
get back up here. There's the pullback.
Price pushes up again. We get three red
candles. That's another pullback. Price
pushes up again. We get another pullback
and then we smash the takerit. So on
this trade, I'm just using very basic
market structure as we're consistently
getting breaks of structure, making new
highs every single time, making for an
easy trade position. So if you really
want to master this, watch all five
trades. Let's get started. Now, let's
start the easiest scalping strategy I
trade daily with. Trade one, a NASDAQ
trade at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. This is one
of the most common pairs and one of the
most common times to trade the strategy.
So, we might as well start right here.
The candle is moving up, the candle is
moving down. And then at some point,
this 15-minute candle is going to close,
giving us our range high and our range
low. Then step two, I'm coming to that
5minut time frame. Now, at this point,
I'm just waiting for that price to break
out aggressively like we just saw right
there, creating displacement in the
market. And in this case, I was looking
at this demand zone right here, which is
the red candle before the huge push up.
Now, you also could have been looking at
this fair value gap right here. But if a
clean demand is available, I will take
it. And a demand zone is just a huge
push up with big green candles in a row.
I've got a lot of videos on that. Make
sure to check them out on this channel.
And then I'm just waiting for price to
come back to that level of demand. So
slowly but surely, price comes back to
that level of demand. And then I'm still
not entering the trade right here. I
don't want to enter my trade and have
price come all the way down and knock me
out. I want that entry confirmation. So
I'm waiting for the candle pattern.
Right? What pattern do I want? Want the
bullish engulfing pattern. Again, this
is just telling me that there's some
momentum in the market. And this is
where I'm going to enter my trading
position. I have a takerit up here for
about 455 and a stop loss down here for
about 298. A riskreward ratio of about 1
to5. I have my stop loss just below the
range right there. And for my
take-profit up here, just going for a
little bit of trend continuation to the
upside. Expecting a break of structure
up here. And for an extra confluence on
this trade, you can see I had a level of
resistance right here. and price
recently broke through the level and
then retested that level right here.
Gave us the pattern. So, a perfect place
to enter a trade. Let's lay that
position out. You can see here price
moving up steadily. At this point right
here, I would consider taking a little
profit off the table. Bowling stops to
break even and then continuing to play
that trade out. Eventually smashing the
takerit for about 455. So, after trade
number one, I'm up 455 in my back test.
For our second back test trade, we're
starting at 2:00 a.m., which is either
Europe or London premarket. We're going
to trade the Euro US dollar. Show you
this works on Forex, too. Now, this is
going to be a sell trade example. And
I'm starting on the 1 hour time frame.
You can see price was pushing down,
broke through this support level, turned
it to resistance. At this level right
here, we had a fake out. After that fake
out, we respected the level here,
respected the level here, respected the
level here, and it pushed down
aggressively. And now price is coming
back to that hourly level of resistance
again. So boom. Let's take a look on
that fiveminut time frame. We've got our
three candles right there, creating the
top of the range and the bottom of the
range right here. And now we're waiting
for a big move. We're waiting for that
displacement right there. Now, did we
just get that displacement? Not really.
Right? You may be looking at this level
right here saying, "Oh, that's a pretty
good level of supply. That's a little
bit of displacement." But it's not a big
move here. It's a really small move.
It's not enough displacement. We're
looking for a little bit more of an
aggressive move, which is exactly what
we get right here. 1 2 3 four red
candles in a row. We get the break of
structure right here. Now, we don't have
any fair value gaps, but this is our
supply zone right here. not the
strongest supply. So, we'll make sure
that we get that entry confirmation. So,
when price comes to the level right
here, and then we're waiting for a
reaction down before we could get into
the trade, right? And so, what did we
get? We got our bearish engulfing
pattern. I know this circle's a bit too
big here. This candle is engulfing this
candle right here. Obviously, we're
selling. So, with my takerit all the way
down here, I'm targeting about 247. and
my stop loss up here. If I lose, I'm
losing only about 99. Great riskreward
ratio. So, you can see right here, price
just tapped our hourly resistance, shot
down, created the supply, we went right
into the trading position. It pushed
down that bearish engulfing, helping us
with momentum, had good displacement,
and we smashed the takerit right there
for 247. Now, my stop loss on this one,
I had it just above this level of
supply. I could have put it up here, but
I was happy with the supply because I
had that bearish engulfing candle. So, I
was getting about 2.5 riskreward ratio
and for my take profit, I went a little
bit riskier here. I probably should have
had the takerit at this level right here
cuz this was the most recent level of
support. So, after two trades, we're
looking really good here, sitting at
just over 700, and we still have three
trades to go. For the third trade, we're
using the orbit 8 a.m. the beginning of
the US session on the Euro Swiss frame.
Let's jump right in on the 5minut time
frame. Here we've got the top of the
range, the bottom of the range. Price
jumps out the top, the bottom of the
range and the top of the range. You can
see right here came out the top briefly,
came out the bottom briefly, but then it
came out aggressively with that
displacement out the top creating a
decent level of demand here with
multiple fair value gaps. So, that's a
pretty good level of demand. Actually,
we do have a pretty obvious level of
support forming down at the bottom here
as well. And so, price comes down right
here. I don't have the bullish
engulfing, but I decide I could get in
here for a small one about 258 on the
top, about 159 on the bottom. And as I
play this one out here, you could see
did go against me before shooting up
really aggressively. So, I lost about
159 here. We had such an obvious level
of support. It was very available for
the liquidity sweep, which is exactly
what happened before price moved up.
Now, obviously, I had a really tight
stop here. I could have had the stop
below this level right here. If I did
that, I could have stayed in the trade
and I could have targeted higher as
well. So, I could have made this a fine
trade. I went for something a little bit
too small here and it cost me. That
brings us to 543, which is still an
excellent day. But it's important to
understand that no trading strategy is
going to win every single trade. Let's
jump into the next one. Two more trades
to go. Trade 4 here 3:00 a.m. the
beginning of London session and we're
trading some UJ. So I'm already on the
5minut time frame here. You can see we
have a 1h hour level of demand. As I
play this out, we create the top of the
range, the bottom of the range. This is
our trading range. And what happened?
Look, let's take a look right here.
Price just pushed up aggressively off of
our 1-hour level of demand and that
created a level of demand right here on
the five minute time frame. But price
didn't break out of the range yet. It
came back and look, it respected that
level too. So this level of demand got
respected. This level of demand got
respected and we created another level
of demand right here on the displacement
and the huge breakout right here. the
aggressive price move with a fair value
gap here and a big fair value gap here
and a fair value gap here. So, this is a
nice looking demand right here. And what
happens? We're waiting for price to come
down to that level, but there's no
bullish engulfing. What am I supposed to
do here? Well, in this case, I'm
entering the trading position. We have a
strong wick right here. This demand
held. This demand held. Recent price
action is the most important price
action. So I'm going in for a heavy buy
on this trading position right here. I'm
looking for,59
and if I lose it losing about 541. I
have my stop loss below the level of
demand below the range midline and I
have my takerit up here because I'm
expecting the market to continue up.
Break a structure here and another break
a structure right here as we carry on.
So, let's play that position out. You
can see it goes well. Maybe at this
level right here, I would be considering
taking some profit off of the table like
I often do. Setting that stop loss to
break even and then letting the rest of
the position ride, smashing my takerit
for $1159. So, that big back test trade
got us $159. I've got one left. Don't
miss it. All right, for the last trade,
we're saving the best for last. We're
trading the Swiss Frank in the Asian
session. You can see right here, we just
created the range. Our range high is
right here. Our range low is right
there. Price tapped into this hourly
level of resistance. So, we're
definitely looking for sells from this
level. Now, all I want is that
displacement push, right? 1 2 3. Bing.
Got myself that nice push out of there.
A huge red candle. Now, I was looking at
this level of supply originally, but
after seeing this huge push down right
here, I did not want to miss my entry.
So, I spotted this fair value gap right
here. Price just tapped into that level.
And, you know, the next thing I'm
looking for is the bearish engulfing
handle pattern. I got my stop loss
tight. I had it right there. I was
looking for a tight one. Only a few
pips. I have my takerit on this wick
level right there cuz price did jump up
off of that level once before. Got into
my sell position looking for about 540.
If I lose, I'm losing about 180. So,
let's play this bad boy out. You could
see we stayed in our levels. We
respected the supply and smashed the
takerit for a beauty. So, after the back
test, I won four out of five trades over
2,200. Now, obviously, back testing is a
lot easier than real trading, but I am
using this scalping strategy in my VIP
trading room, which you can check out.
And I even coded a trading robot that
uses this exact same strategy. So, you
can check those out. Smash the like
button, comment, maybe watch this video
right here. Definitely watch this video
right here. And I'll be back next week.
Much love.
