I hope I am
 
live that's
perfect, guys come let's
start come on come on come on join everyone
quickly
hi the live will be uploaded na
hi
Yogesh hi
Anuj alright come on quickly finally
come quickly let's wait for a minute
then we'll start if you are
watching this recording then fast forward the video for 10
minutes then you will
start directly from the class okay
larat now without wasting time let's
start so before starting the class a
small disclaimer to everyone
this is not a call and there will be no
call tip that you have to buy this you have to buy that
I am just
sharing with you my knowledge about
how I plan trades and
how things are done you know my view is to see
and the topic we are covering today
that is support and resistance okay that was a little
disclaimer you have to do this
some times larat let's start right now
quickly so all
those who already have knowledge it is good  That's true, but think a little bit about
this point of what I'm going to
tell you,
and I'll just go with the basics. Okay, I might
tell you something different from some things that you might have found out or done a little research on, but the reality is,
those things are working for me, so things are
good for me, so you can consider that if
you want. Okay, let's go straight to the
screen. Let's
start. Right now, this is the Nifty chart. Okay,
weekly time frame. Look here,
you'll see the time frame above. Now,
before we start, let's understand the basics of what
support resistance actually is.
If you master support resistance
well, then
you don't need anything else to
make money in the market. This is the
reality. I mean, understand that all the
strategies we use, this strategy works
if you keep following the same thing continuously.
But when you understand support resistance,
you will understand in the future
that what is happening in the market is
this, if you do this once.  Did you find out
that yes, this particular level
is right for buying, this particular level
is right for selling, so after that you just
need an entry trigger for buying and a
trigger for selling,
after that the whole game is called risk management and money
management, I hope this point is
clear, so let's start from the very basics,
support means supporting something that is
falling, if you are falling and
someone supports you, then you
stop, similarly what does resistance do
when anything is going up,
now this hand is going up like this, I placed
it here like this, then it is resisting,
this zoom, right now the hand is not
able to go above it, I hope you have understood this concept as much as I can from
my end, it is perfect for a fifth class
student, he should understand it, I will
explain that level to you, some
people may find it very difficult, it is fine, it is
difficult, things are very easy, okay, here is the
thing in trading  It is easy, it is not easy but it is
not difficult. Okay, so the
point of support resistance must have become clear.
Now let's look at it once in the chart. Okay,
without understanding anything, that is, keep your
mind completely empty right now and just look.
Put aside the previous knowledge for a minute and just
understand from where you can see that the market has gone
up.
Look, from here it is visible that the market has gone up. From here it is
visible that the market has gone up. From
where did the market fall? From here the
market fell. These
black candles are green falling ones and
purple candles are for rise. Okay, the
market rose from here. The market fell from here, then it rose,
then it fell, then it rose, then it fell. So I hope
now you must be able to see in the chart from
where the market is falling
and where it is rising. Okay, there will be no
confusion in this. I will
explain very slowly. The class is going to be a bit long. It may last for
an hour and a half, so
grab some popcorn and sit and
understand this properly. So,
support rise, support rise, all the places from where the
market went up.  Can we take that zone as
support? Yes,
that's fine, because that zone, that area is
supporting the price. Okay, there's a little
advanced topic on this as well. There's a slight difference between demand and supply.
Support and demand supply. First, let's
understand support, then you'll understand demand and supply.
Okay, some of these are strong demand
zones as well. Now, all these zones are
taking the market higher from the support zone. I
hope you've understood
what support does. The function of support is to
take the market higher. And wherever
you see the market falling, it has
fallen here, it has fallen here, it has fallen here,
what are all these areas? These are
not resistance. It's absolutely clear. So,
now I hope it's clear to you what support
looks like on the chart and what resistance
looks like on the chart.
Okay, if it's not clear, then when
you're watching the live recording,
take a pause of two minutes or one minute, open the chart yourself,
and mark the zone and see, it will become
clear to you. Okay, now let's do one
thing.  Since this is live, let
's open another chart to
change
how it looks on the rest. Right now, this is the Nifty chart. Okay, let's do
one thing. Let's open another chart:
ADFC, ADFC
Bank. Okay. Now look, here you will see some
areas, like this weekly chart.
You will see some areas where the market has
risen. Look, some areas where the market has fallen.
Look, from here it has fallen. From here it has fallen. From here it has
fallen. From here it has
fallen. From here it has fallen. So, the
places where the
market is moving up are support, and the
places where the market is moving down are
resistance. I hope this is clear now. This was
very basic. Okay, let's
open Nifty again.
Now let's come to the types of support. There are
three types of support and resistance.
Now you know that the
function of support is to take the market up,
and the function of resistance is to bring the market
down. There are three types of actual support and
resistance.  Which are the eyes?
Explain firstly,
horizontal. Okay,
now horizontal means what you can see straight, it is
clear that the market went up from here, if it comes down then it will go up
from here again
because last time it went up, it came from here. You must have
understood that this point rate, right? This was
our horizontal support. Second one is the
trend
line. Okay, now how does a trend line work?
When the price is going up, it comes down.
We saw one point, two points. Now
when the price is going up and then when it
comes down, what do you see? From here, the
trend in the price is moving in a trend.
So when it comes back, it will take the support of the same zone.
This is the trend line.
You just have to see how the trend is going. There are
two types of market trends.
Either such a trend is going on in the market
or such a trend is going on in the market. The
active market is
going on a call side or it is bullish or
bearish. Bullish trend is bearish. Okay, second
support is here and the third is support
resistance. Finally, we do it
using this tool.  All the
levels that we see here, they
all work as support and resistance.
Now we will understand how to use them
one by one. Today we are going to do
horizontal support resistance because the
topic is broad. Yes, if I tell you everything in one day then nothing will be
understood, it will bounce
completely.
Okay now let's do one thing. I am
opening a 15-minute time frame of Nifty
and there is a small task for all of you who are
watching, just
see that if I open a
15-minute chart of Nifty from the left, then do you identify
any support there,
something like this.
Okay, right now we have a 15-minute
chart.
Now ask yourself a question, suppose
you do not know anything, I am assuming that
you have zero knowledge, you do not know any idea.
If you come to know things like this,
if I
take a short trade from here and if the market falls, then
I will make a profit or if I take a
long trade from above.  If it goes away,
I will make a profit from there. It is equal. So now to
see this, just look at
how the market has reacted in the past. Now when we
draw support resistance, the first thing we have to
see is which
support resistance is there in the market at the current level. Whatever has happened in the past history, it has happened.
If the past matches the current level, then it is
well and good. If the past does
not match the current level, then our
first preference is what has the market done in the current level.
Look at this, we can see that the market has gone up.
This has happened today. Whatever
momentum the market has given, it has been cut today. If we
remove the momentum, the
market went up from here. After that, the
market went up from here. The
market fell down from here. So, at the
places from where the market is falling, can
we not treat it as resistance?
Of course we can. And at the
places from where the market has gone up, can
we not treat it as support? Of course we can.
Okay, I have
revised the same concept once again. Now,
let's see
for
example, let's do this.  Let's
remove today's resistance zone. Okay, I hope you can
see clearly. Was
n't this a resistance zone for the market?
After that, let's add one more
zone. This one,
okay. Just look at it. Now,
I have done this,
sorry, on the future. If I have to draw it, that is, from
here, when the market opens on Monday, then
I will consider this as the first
resistance zone. But this has already happened today.
If we remove today's thing and remove it.
And then let's try to understand once.
Just understand what might have happened
in the market. If we had to plan, then
how would we plan? Now
look, first of all, this resistance was near you.
You can see the block above. And after that,
why is the second one assuming that I am going by
selling? Okay, this one was a strong
resistance because from here the market made a
good move. So, from where the market
gives big moves, how can it give big moves when there are
more sellers active there? Now, if
more sellers are active here, then it
means that when the market comes back to around this zone, then
again we should get a short entry.
I will explain how people get trapped here. You will understand the logic after the entire concept is
over. Okay,
now if we talk about support, if we need to
plan our entry, then this is the first
support. Okay, right now, whether we should consider gaps or
not, I will explain later. But for now, let's just take
a normal
price behavior like this. Okay,
and let's
draw a gap up, the market has gone straight there.
Right,
and let's take this one.
Okay,
now I hope you have understood what
I have drawn. You
can also change the color if you want, but wherever
I have seen it, I have simply seen
where the market went above K. I picked it and drew that.
Now, which are the strong and which are the weak.
We will understand this. Now that the concept is clear enough,
how to draw, okay, this is the
trading view here, here,
this rectangle tool. Okay, now let's understand, let's see,
yes, here is the slow line, here is the
market that fell from here. Okay, this is
for the market.  There was resistance
here, before that a sell-off happened, if we
look at it, the
market opened gap down, went down,
buyers came up but the attendant buyers failed and there was a
complete sell-off here, so when we
know how the price reacts here, there was
sharp selling here, when the
market came back near the same zone, then from the same
zone there was sharp selling in the market again, so
now when the market
comes near its resistance for the third time, ca
n't we expect the same, of course we
can, it went up today, we ca
n't change our rules after seeing that, actually if
we had got an entry here, if I had got an
entry personally, then I would have taken a
short and okay, good, you must have understood the concept
why selling is happening, now
you can also understand it like this, let's take,
first there was a sell-off here, the
market went back up, so if someone would have
sold here, this is my logic,
okay, if you find it right then it's
fine, if someone would have sold here,
that person is in profit, if it goes up
again at the same level  If the market
gives entry around this point, I will personally re-
enter there because I am already
in profit, so I would
like to take a risk from my profit again
because if the stop loss is triggered, I will at
least have some profit left. I am
not investing the entire amount, but if I get
entry there, then my profit will
increase again. I hope you have understood this concept
and same logic for the third time. If the
market gives me entry near today's zone, then
also I will take an entry. Okay, now this is
my register. How will the market react? Okay,
fine. Now
if there is any support from late, similarly if
let's find one support, let's take this
and liquidity.
Now if the market comes down from late
and if I get entry here, the
price has failed from here, has rallied, has come
down, has taken support
straight away, then it opens up here and
comes back near this zone, then I will go for it. I hope you must have
understood the price structure. My primary focus is
this price up.  Then go and
retest and go straight to the next day's gossip.
Now this basic concept is going to get a little tricky from here, right?
Understand that the supports that you
see are visible to everyone, in
fact, those who manipulate the market are
also seeing them. You should think like this in your mind. So,
suppose you see that
this is the last zone of the market and
I also see that this is the last zone of the market, then
if you, the new person,
place a stop loss at the high here. If I somehow
take the market a little higher, then
everyone's stop loss will be cut. Now
how does it go up? Whenever a big
position opens in the market, big
positions cannot be opened by our simple swipe or buy method.
They have to
generate liquidity to enter and exit the market. So,
in generating liquidity, the market goes
up in their sell position and then goes down.
Okay, although that is a bit complex
concept, I will explain later. For now, in short,
understand that if the market
goes up even a little here, everyone's stop loss will be cut and so on.  After that, all the
people who have had a breakout will be sitting
here. Look at the candle, how strong
is the candle?
The candlestick today looks very
bullish. All the people who have entered here,
if this is a dominance candle, then the
stop loss here would have been placed by everyone from here and there. All the
sellers who were there also got trapped. All the
buyers who were here also got trapped. Now how do I
tackle this, I will tell you directly.
Okay, what is the logic for me, that
I know the concept of liquidity.
I know that if the market
comes near the resistance and if a big
position has to be opened there for the downside, then as soon as the
position is opened, the market liquidity will
grab it and go up and then it will go reverse.
Now no one knows whether that
liquidity or any big
position will come at this point or not because you
cannot read anyone's mind, you
can only make a plan by thinking about it. So how I
basically think is this is a 15 minute time frame.
My entry is in a 3 minute time
frame. Now if I start from 15  I have
drawn a minute pass, okay, support, my
resistance, and I know that this
zone in the market is
a resistance. I will get a
short entry here, so I will go and take
entry.
Now, in such a situation, I just have to
find an entry. In the minute time frame, if I
get an entry near the dot resistance,
suppose a rejection
candle
forms near the resistance, I will enter
because even if the market falls four times from there,
my target will be reached. It is
equal to that, right? But if in this case, the
market hits my stop loss, the stop
loss is hit here, the
market goes up, and after going up,
if I get an entry again, I
will enter again for a short, I will not
go long, I will not take a breakout trade.
Now, in this situation, I may
first take the downside, that is, a negative side, that is,
suppose I
entered on a rejection candle. However, this has not happened.
Here, what happened is what I planned. I
think carefully. Suppose a rejection candle
forms, first my stop loss is hit, then the
market goes up from there.  It went down, then I got a
short entry, then it broke, so no
problem, you can put two or three stop losses, it's a normal thing,
but most of the time when you
go and backtest it or see or
experience it in the live market, then you will realize that if the
market, suppose you were
given an entry point, it hit the price, it went up, then you get an
entry again,
I enter for short again and it goes for a
big reward, like this. Now let's understand how it would be if
I had entered here, if I am
trading intraday, then
my two favorite candles are the
dominance candle and the rejection candle, I
enter only on these, otherwise I don't
enter at all, if the market has come to resistance then I will not enter, if it has come to support then
I will not enter, reaching resistance
means reaching support,
now I am alert there, now
I know that I have to enter the market here,
but to enter that, it is
very important to see the price behavior,
how is the price behaving, so
if I get any trigger then all  The
enter and trigger for me is a candlestick.
Okay, I must have understood, so now if
my logical entry is made here, there is no
confusion candle entry. There is no
confusion candle entry. Let's
assume once that I entered this dominance
because it is formed above. Okay, and it has also
made a cross. I will explain the cross spot entry as well. Okay,
you should watch till the end. It is
very important that it came because of the cross spot. I got very
good BTS. Don't go back. Okay,
now if you look here, this is a
cross entry. So, let's assume
I had an entry here. Now, from the
beginning, my
entry would have been a short position here.
This would have been my stop loss at
13. This would have been
my target at 13. That's fine,
after that, here it is visible. It
can move a little higher, up to 12.52. So,
I get a profit here. Okay, this is my
plan, sorry, stop
loss will come above it. Yes, it will become
three till there.  Fine but the stop
loss here got cut today, no problem,
where did I get the entry again, this candle, so I will
enter again, the short position for short, here is
how much it went today, it went above 3.93, no
problem, let's not take it above, it is happening here,
I am saying, it would have been
good friend because
support is visible here, suppose we will
plan to exit here, if the
market comes till here then we will exit, no problem, if the market
comes till here also then it is good, very
good profit 2.5, so now what if suppose
my risk management had gone
wrong here, then my back and if my
risk management is right then everything would have been fine, then
how would it have happened, suppose
I had planned my trade here, then my
quantity size would have been according to that,
if I had a stop loss, then suppose if we
take a but example, suppose my capital is one lakh rupees, it will be
easy to understand, okay,
suppose my capital is one lakh rupees and I had planned a
stop loss of 000, then suppose I would have
planned a stop loss of 000  Here,
my stop loss of 000 would have been hit, 1000 would have been lost, no
problem, I would have got the trade again and would have made a
profit of 2500 because this
time I would have risked 000. So now if I have made a profit of 2500 and a
loss of 000, then 1000 is lost from 2500,
how much is left? 1500. Now let's remove the brokerage from this 1500 as well, let's do
one thing,
let's remove the brokerage, 200 rupees.
Remove the brokerage, 1300 is left. That's great, friend, you made money.
1.3 Making money is important. Being right,
and color is not important in the market. I hope you
understood. Okay, so this is how it is. So
now, from here, you will have to take a longer
class from your mind. From here, the
most important takeaways that you have to take from here,
I will give you a little surprise.
Okay, first understand carefully
what is support, from where the market is
bouncing back, from where the price is
rising.  Where it is going up is our support zone.
When we have seen a zone, how do
we see which support is going to be formed in the future? By
looking at the past behavior, if the
market has gone up from somewhere in the past, then
when it comes back next time, there is a high chance that it will go
up from that place next time also.
You just need to go there.
I have explained it through the candle, you can go and see that too, that is
fine. Then the second take away is that whenever we
draw support resistance and
if the market has made support  I broke my
support. After breaking the support, if I got a
long entry, I would go for
long. After breaking the resistance,
if I got a short entry, I would go
for short. And in this situation, suppose
I entered once, got a stop loss,
entered twice, got a stop loss,
entered thrice, got a sell loss the third time, then
after three stop losses, I would
close my system. Three stop
losses is the maximum limit for my day. I do
n't need three stop losses. If you like
two, you can use two, there is no
issue. It depends on your
psychology and yours. According to me, everything depends on
my psychology. It works well. The
third takeaway is that there are
three types of support and resistance:
horizontal. Today, we have just
discussed half of the horizontal, horizontal
support resistance, trend line support
resistance, and final support resistance.
Now, this is a basic overview, I have
explained it to you, now a little advanced in it.
What is the thing that how does the price behave,
price behavior, if you understand that if there
is support, how is the price behaving near support, how is the
price behaving near resistance, and with that the
momentum, you will kill it, you literally kill the
market, okay, that's how you do it, okay, now let me
explain one point to you,
what is the difference between a cross and a spot entry,
okay, I will do one thing, the BTC
chart will be open now, so I will
tell you live in Bitcoin, what is the difference between a cross and a spot,
right, so it will be very easy for you to understand
in the live market, right now just see, okay,
here a scenario is formed, you will
understand, suppose both the candles are formed, the
spot as well as the cross, which candle is this, it is a
rejection candle, right now
you know this rejection candle, the rejection
candle tells you to buy in the market by
placing a stop loss below here, so you would have
bought,
watching the candle, but then what happened,
luckily the market did not come down,
it has come down to this much and  It would
not have taken time to go and
you would have been alerted by the cross there. This is a
spot entry. Spot entry means you
saw the candlestick and jumped into the market as soon as
you saw that it was a rejection candle,
take the trade, it was a dominance candle, take the trade.
Okay, look, a rejection candle has formed,
take the trade. Without looking at anything, cross entry
means that whatever candlestick you are
looking at, first your
identification has been done. Okay, as soon as the candlestick is formed,
you become alert in the market.
Like this candlestick is formed, now you are
alert in the market. At this time,
when will your entry happen? When the next candle crosses its high and
moves above it. As soon as the
high is crossed, you will get an instant entry here.
This is called a cross entry. I will try to make
you visualize it like this. Spot entry means a candlestick is formed,
you formed this candlestick, you
jumped here without looking at anything. Cross entry
means this candlestick is formed here. Now the
next candlestick will cross its high.
If you are about to buy, as soon as the high
crosses, you get confirmation and enter.
For short, suppose a candlestick is formed and when the
next candle crosses its low, then
we will go short. So, if we look here,
we did not have any entry at this particular point,
but after that, when this candle formed, when
its high crossed, then we have this
difference between cross and spot.
Now, let's open the Nifty chart once
and
tell you, it means a clear signal. Whoever has
seen it, I told you earlier that
I use the R time frame for BTSC.
Okay, and remember, there are no rules, there is nothing like that.
You just have to do this.
Things match your psychology and
money is being made. It's all good. Okay, now this is the
time frame. 1R1R time
frame is very good for BU. Okay, which
candle is this? This is the rejection candle. The price
came down to the bottom, buyers took the price, and it went up and
closed completely above the open
price. Okay, when the green
candle closed, now you have
found a rejection candle. Now, here I am done, I did
not take an alert trade.  Here only the
alert was given as soon as its high cross happened,
I got the confirmation, there was just a
stop loss here,
now if we see this on FOR, then
I had jumped on the FORP rejection candle, earlier there was a
FORP cross entry also but I was feeling that
when the market came down here, I thought that
oh man the stop has been lost, now it is
difficult, but luckily the stop was not lost and the
market opened gap up the next day, it was
a decent profit, okay, look here, there is
no strong rejection here also,
but suppose if rejection has happened because there is a lot of
long sell below, then
its high cross here, so this was a spot entry,
this cross entry, I hope the
point must have been cleared well, so
if you have understood, like this video
and share it for today, I hope it will
help and add some value to you.
The best buy by
sea.
