My stupid simple one candle scalping
 
strategy consistently gives me wins like
this, this, and this every single day.
And it's a trade setup that's so easy
that even beginners will be able to use
it by the time this video is done. I'm
going to give you the full strategy,
show you my verified live results and
back tests on multiple platforms, and
then show you all my live trade
examples. Now, I don't promise or
guarantee any results come from this
strategy, but I do believe this works,
and I think my 16 years of trading
experience can certainly help you in
your journey to become a profitable
trader. So, smash the like button,
subscribe to the channel, and let's get
started. So, here are my results on a
fresh live trading account using this
stupid simple scalping strategy. It's a
small sample size, but the gain here is
incredibly impressive. Just three
trading days, all in green. And this is
the same verified live account as you
can see on my FXbook. If I scroll down,
I can take you to every single one of
those live trades, which I'll be showing
you later in the video. But it's
important to say this is not a
get-richqu scheme. These are just my
results, which have come from 16 years
of experience and being able to simplify
my trading approach to be consistent in
the markets. Now, I want to help you be
able to do the same thing. So, let's
jump right into the strategy. This all
starts with one candle, and it's stupid
simple. This is the first 4hour candle
of the day. Starting at 1:00 a.m., this
candle goes down, it goes up, and
eventually it finishes at 5:00 a.m.
right here. So, whenever you get out of
bed, 6 7 8 9:00 a.m. You can mark up the
top of the range at the top wick and the
bottom of the range at the bottom wick.
This area then becomes our trading range
and we can come down to the 5minut time
frame. If you're in Trading View right
now, come to the bottom right. Just make
sure your time zone is UTC minus4 New
York. So it's the exact same as mine.
And I also want to let you know this
strategy works on Forex, crypto,
indices, gold. I use it on everything.
Once you come to that 5minut time frame,
we're looking at phase one accumulation.
Price is trading within a tight range.
Then we go to phase two, manipulation.
Price breaks outside of that range,
faking out the majority of traders and
taking liquidity. Then our third phase
is distribution. Price re-enters the
range and expands into the direction it
was meant to, smashing the takerit. And
the same thing happens on sell trades.
The first phase is the accumulation.
Then we get the manipulation. Then we
re-enter the range. we get our
distribution phase right here where
price continues in the direction it was
supposed to continue in and smash the
takerit. Now, let's take this to the
charts. All right, so step one, we're on
the 4hour time frame here. We're just
looking at that candle, that 1:00 a.m.
to 5:00 a.m. 4hour candle. And you could
just mark this candle whenever you wake
up. We're just marking the top of the 4
hour right here and the bottom of the 4
hour right here. That's our range high
and our range low for the day. Then
we're just coming to that five minute
time frame. On the five minute time
frame, you can see we've been in our
accumulation phase. And as we play this
out, we go into the manipulation phase,
right? That's when the price comes
outside of the level, right? You can see
that's our manipulation. The markets are
taking liquidity and they are faking out
traders. Then we are just waiting for
price to close back inside the range.
Just like that, we go long on the close
of the candle. We put our stop loss
below these candles right here. You can
set your takerit to 2% or hey, you could
look to target a fair value gap like we
have right here. Or you could even
target the top of the range depending on
how confident you are in the trading
position. Then you can play that trade
out and you can see it will eventually
go up and smash your takerit. Now, after
that take-profit, you could see candles
are starting to come out the bottom and
manipulate again. But I don't trade
these because I want to see at least
three or four candles of manipulation
below or above the range. Now, even if I
did go long here, we could have easily
had a one one trade. So, it would have
been a winner on a 1 one. But let's
continue to play it out and see if there
is another opportunity. And you can see
right here, we do get the candles coming
outside of the zone. We've got at least
three candles right here. I feel better
about that. So, let's continue to play
this out and see if we could get a
candle back inside the zone. And we do
get a candle right there. So, I would
enter my long position on this candle
right here. I would put my stop loss
below this recent wick right there. And
I could target just 2% right 2% right
here as the top of the range. And let's
go ahead and play that out to see how it
went. Smashing the takerit almost
immediately. Now, you may be saying to
yourself, "This is too simple." And
that's a good thing. You want your
trading strategies to be simple. And if
we go into my back test data right here,
you can see I back tested this over 111
recent trades and have a win rate of
68.47%.
Now, obviously, I'm using my experience
and discretion in these trades. So, let
me show you some of my back test
examples on Forex and on gold, and then
we'll get into the live trades. Now,
let's get into some gold back testing.
Everyone knows I love trading gold. I
had two huge wins in my gold VIP room
yesterday, but this one's a little bit
different here. Let's see if we could
get the range set. You can see we're
watching that 4hour candle right there,
and we're waiting for it to close. So,
we get the close right there. We mark
the candle top. We mark the candle
bottom right there. And you could do
this when you wake up, whenever it is
you wake up in the morning. And for
clarification purposes, it is the first
4hour candle of the day. So this 4hour
candle on gold starts at 2 am instead of
1:00 a.m. and then it's finished at 6:00
a.m. Then we come to the 5minut time
frame. And what's our first phase? You
know what it is? It's accumulation,
right? Price is accumulating and we are
just waiting to see if we could get that
manipulation, right? We want to see the
price come out the top or the bottom.
Boom. We get our manipulation right
there. That's the fake out. And then
we've got a nice red candle right there
back into the range. So, we go short on
that candle right there. I put my stop
loss just above these wicks. I can
target this area of resistance right
there used as support before. Or I could
go right down to the bottom of the zone
right there, targeting this level of
resistance right here. And we got balls.
So, let's play that thing out and smash
the takerit right there. And now, let's
continue on. Right now price is back up
again. We accumulated. We are back into
manipulation. Right there you can see
price came out the top. Will it reenter
our zone and give us another
opportunity? Let's see if we can get
another trading opportunity here as
price comes closer to our zone. And so
this is some huge manipulation up here.
Enter the trade as we re-enter the zone
right there. Put our stop loss above
this wick right here. So it's not a
great riskreward ratio. You can target
that same level down here or maybe the
fair value gap that you see right here.
But we want a riskreward ratio better
than 86. So we're going to target right
down there. Price hit it before. It
could definitely hit it again. And there
it goes in my direction. Smashing the
takerit all the way over here and
pushing down even further. Very, very
nice. Now, I'm going to show you just
one or two more examples on Forex, and
then I'll get into my live trades,
showing you a couple extra confluences I
use to get my win rate even higher using
this stupid simple one candle scalping
strategy. Okay, here we are on Euro US
dollar right here. We're just waiting
for that candle to close, right? That's
all we want. That 4hour candle right
there. Big candle this time. And it
closed right there. You can see it's the
1:00 a.m. candle, right? 1:00 a.m. to
what? 500 a.m. So, wake up at 5, wake up
at 6:00, wake up at 9:00. I don't care.
Just mark up your range top, your range
bottom. Come to the 5minut time frame.
Phase one is our accumulation phase.
Then, we're looking for the manipulation
phase. And we have it right there.
Right. Price is outside. It is
manipulating. It is faking out. And we
just want it to come back into the zone
right there. And I'm going to target
about 2%. You could also target this
fair value gap that we have right there.
Price loves to pull to fair value gaps.
And then play that trade out. And you
can see very, very nice trade. Come on.
Come on. Smash the takerit right there
perfectly. Now, that's an absolutely
perfect profit. As you can see right
there, we come back outside of the zone
right here. But generally I like it when
I get some candles. So I didn't take
that one. And then we come out of the
zone again. Just a couple of candles. So
I didn't really take that one. And I
think that was all the trades we had on
this day. So I know the main reason
you're here is to watch my live scalping
trades to see exactly how I was able to
generate these results and get those
extra simple confluences I use to feel
confident in every single trade. But
before I show you those live trades, if
you're looking for a place to trade, I
recommend the AAAFX broker. That's who
I'm trading with right now. The spreads
are low, the commissions are low. It's
simply my favorite brokerage. And the
link is in the video description.
Registration's absolutely free. Let's
get into the live trades. All right,
let's jump right in here. Live trade
number one, Australian Dollar Swiss
Frank. I'm looking at that 4hour candle.
I'm waking up around 6:00 a.m. I'm
marking the top of the range. I'm
marking the bottom of the range and I'm
jumping to the fiveinut time frame. So
you could see here phase one we're in
accumulation. We're waiting for phase
two that's manipulation. You could see
price is pushing up and eventually it
comes out the top of the range. That's
the manipulation that we are looking for
and re-enters the bottom of the range
right here. So I went short at this
level. And if you look to your left over
here, I had a fair value gap on this
candle. That means this candle right
here did not fill the area and this
candle right here didn't fill the area
creating a fair value gap, an area of
imbalance. So that's the level I decided
to target on this trading position with
my stop loss just above the wick right
about here. And as an additional
confluence, I did use a trend line off
of this wick right here. Once I got that
break, I felt really good about this
trading position. Went in my direction.
came back a little bit right here before
inevitably coming to that fair value gap
and smashing my takerit. Let's quickly
jump into live trade number two. Show
you a loss. This did not go my way. You
could see we had our accumulation phase
right here. We had the manipulation
right there. Broke back into the range.
Broke through my trend line. I felt
really good about this one, but it went
against me. Smashed my stop loss right
there. But now look, if I pull this
thing over a little bit, let's play this
out a bit further. You could see I would
have actually hit my takerit right
there. Maybe my stop loss was a little
too tight. It was only 3.8 pips. Maybe I
should have had it at about five pips.
You're not going to win every single
trade that you place, but it's good to
have additional confluences to help you
win more trades, whether that's trend
lines or higher time frame analysis. Let
me show you in the next trade. So for
trade three, I switched to the
Australian dollar, Japanese yen. Looking
at this 4hour time frame right here,
push down a huge move and around 6:00
a.m. again, I mark the top of the range
right there. Mark the bottom of the
range right here. That's my trading
range for the day. I come to the 5minut
time frame. And I remember this trade
very, very well. Look, we had the
accumulation right here. We had this
huge drop right there. So, I definitely
wanted to get in on buys because I felt
like we had some real price exhaustion
on this move down. So, at that point,
I'm waiting for the manipulation. We
don't get it there, right? We don't get
the manipulation there. We get a bit of
a rejection. I didn't really feel like
this was the manipulation either. So, I
waited a little bit longer. And at this
point, I felt pretty good about it. But,
as an additional confluence here, I was
using a trend line right there. and I
wanted to see that trend line break
before I got in. Now, obviously, I could
have got in right there. We entered the
range. Maybe it would have been a banger
trade, but on the live trades, you want
to have a little bit more of a reason to
take that trade. So, as I tighten this
trend line up just a little bit right
there, you could see we broke through
the trend line right there. I decided
this is where I wanted to go long. Set
my stop loss below these candles here.
And I targeted this area right here
about 18.4 pips. My stop loss was a
little tighter right there. It was
closer to a riskreward ratio of 2%. So
after that manipulation, what comes
next? The distribution. I felt pretty
good about this trade. It did range for
a while. Almost hit my takerit earlier.
Came back. Use that level as support
again. Damn. How long did this trade
take to go and hit my takerit? There it
goes. Smashing my takerit right there.
Good 1:2 riskreward ratio and a solid
position. Look, the top of the range was
all the way up here. We weren't going to
get up there. For my last trade here,
trade number four, my best trade, I
actually started this on the daily time
frame. You could see we had a level of
strong resistance right here. Very
clear. Use this area as support here.
Resistance, resistance, resistance. I'm
expecting the price to come to
resistance and then shoot down again. So
on the 4hour time frame, what am I
doing? I'm watching that candle open.
I'm waiting for it to close. Right? That
gives me my range high and my range low.
Let's jump to the 5minut time frame.
This big blue box here is the daily
resistance. I'm going to remove that.
But just know it's there. We have our
accumulation phase, don't we? Right. And
we're waiting for manipulation. And
look, there is the manipulation, right?
Price is coming out the top of our range
right there. And we want it to come back
into the range, right? Come back in.
Give me a trading opportunity. There it
is. Phase two manipulation complete.
Fake out all those dumb traders. Then
I'm looking to go short right here. Now,
remember, we had that daily resistance
just like this right here. So, we feel
really good about sells. So, I took this
trade all the way outside of the range,
put my stop loss above the wicks right
here. And for extra confluence, I had a
trend line that was set up right about
here off of this wick right there. Not
perfect, but had one, two, and then the
break right there. And that break
coincides with the distribution. And
then I was into the trading position.
Look at this one. Smashed my takerit.
went down even further. That was my best
trade of the week on GU there for over
11K. If you have any questions about the
strategy, leave a comment now. Smash the
like button, subscribe to the channel.
Please join my VIP trading room or my
free trading room. Links to both of
those are in the video description.
Definitely watch this video right here
or definitely watch this video right
here. And I'll be back next week. Much
love.
