Today's lecture is the most important. To all
 
Mostly if someone knows the basics
So, now that you guys know the basics,
If someone knows the basics, he should be trained.
He knows the line, he knows the support resistance.
Yes, I know EMA. If all these types
You know the basics, so just for today.
Lecture based on his trading journey here
You can reach here from. only for today
Rely on lectures. Only today's class is enough
It is so important. you all the things
You can miss it. Strategies are being made and broken
Will remain. Profit and loss, your ups and downs
It will keep happening. Gradually you will also become a trader.
You will evolve. But this thing will remain constant.
And only if this thing remains constant, then your
will get the results. Otherwise, the result is absolutely
Will not meet. And all the things I give you
I will show you with my example also.
I will show you. Ok? The trades I made
Are. You no profit you saw thats
Fine. But apart from profit, which is a complete
It was history. Right? So I'll give you all that
I will show you. So you have a lot to learn from him
will get. Because she is just two months old
There are all trades. Ok? So Everybody Is
Ready because today we are a very different
They are going to be perspective. And from today your
The main knowledge of trading is that
It starts. So far you have only
I understand the price. Ok? Look at the price
Being an Analyst and Being a Trader
There is a lot of difference between the two. We feel it is necessary
That an analyst is a trader
goes. But both have a lot of
There is a difference. You are a very good person right now
You can be an analyst. When will I realize this
Happened? When I made mistakes in the past
From that I understood that most of the times when
I used to make mistakes in the past, so I
The market used to go in my favor, but still
I couldn't make money. what was the
Reason behind that? You know how to do that
I tried to get him out. And your
This might have happened or is happening with you too. I
I'm sure when you see the backtest
By doing or you know when you close the trade
The entire tradeweight sub closed. near
When I went and saw, I felt that all my trades
So almost everything is going right. chart
Everything is going so well in me. His
Why is there still loss? So something like this
There are reasons and we start it from today.
Are. You know the whole scene. Ok? so so much
There is going to be a very important lecture.
Buddy. I will try to get mine quickly
I wish I could get this lecture soon. So I this
I can share it on YouTube as well. Only
Specifically this lecture. See when
I get it by downloading it
The recording comes. But you have everything
Right now on the spot. Please give it a lot
Understand more carefully. very carefully. every
One thing. Ok? Today is going to be Amrit.
Actually today is going to be the nectar of trading.
Going to do. This is the Holy Grail of
Trading. Meaning, if you learn this and
I understand you are on the verge of becoming a trader.
You will come. And if you don't understand this, then everything
Even after learning nothing will happen. End
I am telling you nothing will happen. All
Even after learning something, the possibility is high that
When you see your PNL for the entire month
When you go there you will think, what have you done?
I have. And when you go to the market and see
You will think that this is an amazing trade that I have done.
I searched everything and all the trades went great.
Are. But then why are the results so good?
No? And I will show you with all of my you
No Previous Profits and All Everything I
Will say I will show you. Today's lecture is so
It's not important that I personally really
want that this
I met him as soon as possible and I
Let me share also. Because I know this kind of
Lectures are there. This Kind of Actually
Things are there that make you a trader
Make it. Strategies and all these things
You will get 1000 outside. 1000 ways
There are ways to trade outside in the market. End
Everybody is here to teach you something. Right?
But nobody tells you the real thing. The Real Thing
What is? What is a real thing? What
Actually makes her break your trading.
This Is What Makes Your End Breaks Are
Trading. Ok? And it's totally
We Can Say It All. When you understand, you will see the full
If you understand then I will read it to you friend, ok fine. This only
is what it is at the end if this is not it
Then there is nothing. So first of all our
We will understand what is called risk.
Management. Risk management is one such thing
This is something that you all should understand carefully. Correct
Is? Don't tie, don't do it anything. Just
Listen completely. Let's try to
Understand Risk Management Exactly
What is? How does it work? how it makes
And breaks your trading. So risk
Before understanding management, we must understand this.
There will be a possibility of short term pay
How do bicycles work? And this is your
How trading can break and make.
Ok? So, let's understand that in the market
No matter what happens. you anything
Use strategy, use any method,
Your losses are certain. No such market
I don't have a strategy. Accept you have
I already have some inside information which you can
Use it and get 100% results. Right? Now!
Recently a scene came out which is of Trump
It was a tweet. Before Trump's tweet, someone
A position of $1.5 billion was opened long
In futures and just in S&P 500
Pun came and there was a big candle and
He encached he made huge huge huge money.
As far as my expectations are concerned, I am the one whose
Would have doubled the deployed capital
Easy. In such a situation, you have 100%
Accuracy. Ok? Apart from this, you are any
And if you use the system then all those
In the systems that exist, somewhere or the other, sometime
Sometimes there is loss. And this is inevitable
It will definitely happen. And why I can tell you more
In a good way because I meet a lot of people
I have met. There are a lot of people like this right now
Who are trading on algos. Their
Personal are their algos and they are very
Profitable. And what I want to tell you
I am going to explain everything.
It's all mathematical. And now why you have
To understand this mathematics? Because 2+
2 will be 4 only. There will be no six. you in mind
You might think, okay, 1 + 1 = 11, 1 + 1 = 11.
It is possible But that will be two only. technically
That will be two only. Right? So basically trading
What it is is a numbers game. In numbers
You will have to understand math. You have some work like this
You will have to make sure that math remains in your favor. They
Can't go out. Ok? So when it comes to
of trading if you know that you
Losses can happen at any time. Any
Why not have a strategy? So a preset
What happens to the trader? A Pre Mindset
What happens? Which he needs to understand.
I will say it very simply but actually
That thing will not be followed so easily. They
This is accept loss. Accept Losses
Learn to accept it. the most the most
This is important. Ok? Now from Losses
What do I mean by accepting losses?
I will explain it to you. You know that every
Strategy means every time I enter the market
There is an approach. It's not going to be profitable
Is. Plus I will trade. It could be mine
I'm on a winning streak and the market is giving me
Beginners often call it luck as a
Beginner. Because many of you
I am a beginner. Right? So, it could be that
Beginner's luck may prevail there and I
Profit in nine out of 10 trades
Lets do it. Ok? And you are extremely
You can be happy. But I will give you
I would say that you should do something very extreme.
Time doesn't need to be happy. That
Time though you will be happy. it's a
Emotional thing. You can't get out of it.
But the truth is that going forward you will have to
Winning streak has come, so has losing.
You will see the streak. And you to yourself
Can't judge until you're 100
Do not complete the cycle of trades. 100
100 trades of cycles means this
Now you can judge yourself properly.
Can you practically tell me how many
Accuracy of 100% is being achieved. Weather
It's 60% 70% 80% 30% It Can Be Anything.
But you can judge like this only. Right? So if
Even if I am getting beginner's luck, it's fine.
Because you are learning, you are understanding.
You are so important that you attend lectures.
If you are doing this, you need to understand that
Even if it's beginner's luck, I still have to
Prepare for the Future
How big was the profit yesterday?
Profit from I Can Do Lots of Things and
I Have to Buy a Lot of Things, But Why I
I'm not buying or why I'm not getting
Super happy because I know further trade
I will plan, I am not saying that loss
Will I incur losses or will losses befall me, you know?
Am I scared or should I not lose or lose?
I will give it or do anything. I am just
Being Prepared and I'm Not Super
Happy that it's okay, it's profitable
Fine. Maybe the coming back to back
Losses may occur in seven eight trades. And I
I am mentally prepared for that. Ok? This
Ways You Actually Have to Be Prepared
To yourself. This is the most important
Thing. Ok?
Now let's get into some basics. Suppose when we
If we plan our trade then we will get involved in the trade.
How much risk should be taken?
Everybody Tells You About Risk Management
Follow me. Follow risk management.
Nobody teaches you why to follow? From this
What will happen? If you follow, this will happen. Follow
If you don't do it then this will be the outcome. Complete Cycle
No one explains. And that is why we
We know that we have to follow. But
We are unable to follow.
Ok? Its if I a very relatable
If I explain the example to you, then you can take it like this.
Lots of people say to me that if risk
Management is such a good thing. So your
There are already a lot of videos out there. If
It's working then those videos a lot
People have seen it. Millions of people
Have seen. So why don't they trade everything?
Are you getting it? Which means it probably won't work
doing. Right? So I'm going to give you a
Let me give you a simple example. look around you
And you will find out that the gym works.
But how many people are fit around you? Very
Few
Very few. Only that which actually
Understand that a good boss
I will pay the doctor. I am better than him
I will invest in a gym trainer.
I invest in my diet. There
I will need a doctor's pen. better than that
I'll just take this pen. What
Ok? I have done leg workout. Let's take the
pen. They would have already evaluated it. And
Do you know when this evaluation takes place? when you
Actually you go to the doctor.
And understand this that as long as you are actually
Until you make a loss, you will be able to do everything again.
You hear things superficially and evaluate them.
You are not able to do it. Ok? So today I give you
I will evaluate it and tell you if you do this.
So this will happen, if you do this then this will happen. This is
How It Is Going to Affect Your Trading
In the long run. And then after that your
There will be a clear decision nearby that if
If I follow this, this is what will happen to me
Is. If I don't follow, then what will happen to me?
This is going to happen. And because you have to be
Trader. You have to make money.
So you will automatically understand that
If I have to make it. Even if you don't want to sleep
Even though my mental capacity is that much
I should not be strong so that I can make strong decisions.
It may be difficult for me to take it, but unfortunately
There will be no other way. that
is how you reach that conclusion
You will go. Then even after that if you do not follow
If you are staying then it is almost like that I
I am telling the person in front that the stuff over there
is putting. I am showing the torch. After that
If he still can't see it, then again
The market will bounce back and everything will be fine.
Then that's how that happens with
Everyone, everyone, me, all the other people who are here today
Everybody is doing well with everyone
unfortunately there was no one to
Teach us like this you know so confidently
And in such a simple way, but now you can
learn this thing okay okay now whenever we
So let's talk about risk management.
From
You have 100% capital. We are 100% capital-driven
Deciding on a Certain Amount of Risk
We already know that we have this much risk.
Have to take it. That could be 1%. It could be 2%
Is. That could be 3%. 5% 10% It Totally
Depends on how much capital you have. Yours
What is the loss taking capacity and you
To what maximum extent can you go?
Right? The bigger the risk, the more profit you make
You will have to grow that much. that is for
Sure. Ok? This is called basic math.
But when we merge it with the probability cell
If you do it, the results will be different and you
People will see it now. Ok? So,
If we come to this thing first, because
Many of you are afraid right now.
will be. I just saw some comments that
I feel scared. Fear of placing stop loss
I feel it and I am afraid of losing it. This
Because of this I am not able to execute my trade
I am getting it. I get the price upfront.
It seems to have happened. But I am not an exec
I am able to trade. fix this first
We do. Because its fixed very much
It's simple. Whenever you place a trade
If you plan, you will get a predefined
Risks have to be taken. Ok? Ok?
Predefined means this is your loss
It is already set. Well if you set
What will happen if you don't do it? It's your wish.
It is your capital. You don't set it. So if you
If you don't set it, it will be exactly like that.
You will be at risk of losing all your capital.
Are you ready for it?
Ok? This is the thing. If you prefind
You don't do it. I am telling you. bluntly
I am telling you. If you take your own risk
You don't predefine your losses in advance
Then it simply means that you can save your entire
Be prepared to lose capital. That you are your
Will you explain to me whether you will give 10 excuses or not?
No, I'll just wait a little while and
My risk is around 1000. Up to 22000 and
I will wait. When it comes to Rs 2500 then now
I will wait for a little more time. 3000 views
I take it. Then 3 will become 4. from four
It will become 5000. It will become five to six. And
There are some stronger minds doing this.
Which stop. But some weak minds
Which becomes a do or die game.
And in a do or die game, sometimes it
It happens when we are lucky that
The market showed a huge loss and also reversed completely.
He does it. And that is even worse. because
Now you have got sweet poison from the market.
But you will trade every time it goes against
So you'll be sitting there hoping that maybe
The reverse will happen. It happened last time.
And eventually it will happen once, twice,
It will happen three times. But if you will repeat this
You have become accustomed to this thing. So you will end
Up Losing Your Whole Capital.
What is the fix for this? Have a Predifference
Stop loss.
Will have to keep it. There is no other option.
Well now your question is that is it
There is a problem. I'm afraid of taking a loss
Used to be. I just can't accept loss
Can. I will not be able to take any loss.
What is its session? So I'll give you some of this
I get practical evaluation done.
To. Let's assume you do any such business
Are you there or going to do X or Z?
had been. Tell me one thing you want to do
Go
And
you hope not yes in this my
Money will be made in future.
But that work will cost no money at all.
Your. Tell me one thing. If you sit like this
If you go, your mind will be of no use.
In. If you are going to study then you
It will cost money. You can go to school without fees
Admission will not be granted. Separate you without fees
Coachings will not be available from.
People who want to do it cannot do it. what can you do
Are? But chances are very low. 99.9% of people are
Tensions, education and relying on it
Isn't it? I have to go do some business. you have
To put money. Right? Now let's come from here. When
You're investing money in something
And Your Outcome Is Not Fixed
Then that means you never have to place a stop loss on it.
It may also happen. And you can lose any time
Money in that. Any little you need for this
You will have to remove a top layer and a little
This has to be understood deeply. Evaluate
have to do it. You will have to increase yours a little.
You know what the thinking level is, it is correct. All
If something is seen then it is within this scope
Keeps rotating. Whatever it is, study
Business be anything it can be anything even
If I Want If You Want to Start Content
Creation Internet Chahiye Phone Chahiye You Know
Even if you do it from the phone, you need the phone and internet.
How will the internet come into the air? No you
Need money. Then after that you need your time.
Whatever you are living also has its own cost.
What else is needed for you to make a video?
Then you will definitely go viral. You don't know may be
You did not get any views. that means it's a
Stop loss. Right? so anything you do what
I am trying to explain to you if anything
You know what you do, there is a certain loss in it
There is a risk of. At all points at all
Point. The only difference is that that loss is yours.
It doesn't look live like PNL.
Right?
Let's take my example. Lot of time something
There are videos that are very heavy
There is a cost for editing. Ok? because
I don't know this much next level
Editing. So when you are on Instagram
You see the graphics, this is what he does
The money came out from here, it happened here, yes
Gone, heavy editing cost goes into that.
I made 20 videos. My hope was that
About five or six videos out of 20 videos
I got 101 million or 5 million views.
Will go. 2 million views will come. Let's
So maybe in those videos only 100-100 rupees
Only views came. That means total flop. So
I did not see it but I saw the edit and
Has to make payment. Technically, it was
A stop loss. I found something it didn't
work. It's a stop loss. So if you do this
Think I can take the trade without incurring any loss.
So it is not possible. So it is better that you
First make your mind understand that boss
Look, you will have to place a stop loss. Loss to
I can come to this at any time at any
Any given point.
Ok? Now your fear of loss will go away from here.
It will go completely. It will be fixed.
Because you have already convinced your mind.
When you have the understanding
That I can make profit without risk here.
I won't be able to make it.
Now the question arises that I will suffer a huge loss.
If you go, the quantity is in your hands. If
You feel like you're buying a lot of gold right now.
You will trade in and your stop in one lot
Loss is becoming $000
Do one lot. $ will be in the same big move
Make a loss of $10 and you will make the same big move
The quantity is in your hands in the market
It is not in my hands that this will never happen
You're going to get $.01 in quantity.
in the market and then you get $1000
The market will give you a loss if you
If a certain move has been decided then so
Quantity is in your hand. so that means that
Whatever loss occurs is totally in your hands.
So how much loss you want to incur is in your hands.
You have the option to choose.
And how much the final loss will be is also in your hands.
is in. In some cases, it is extreme
goes. I will tell you. It just happened to me
Was. The last 10FP has happened in the news only. And
It has just become recent. This gold
The crash occurred two days ago. not the day before yesterday
Day. The crash came yesterday. yes tomorrow
On the day of. So I'll show you all of them now.
Examples. Ok? But Most of the Times
I will say 99% of the time things are in your hands
occur in. Ok? So I understand that much
Come and all these things will be fixed.
Now can I expect that every trade of yours
It is going to go like this.
We pre-defined stop loss and my points
I understand that it is not coming well
From? That is the most important thing. to every single thing
To understand very deeply.
Ok? I never pressured you
that's what you call it and I'm going to take this as a
I can finish in line. I complete this
The lecture I am explaining to you is being very
Honestly, I will complete this lecture in 5 minutes.
I can finish it. But then he
Just like a normal YouTube video
He will just remain as he is or fine. Ok. And
You are not going to follow. not here
She will sit. You will understand it. See you just
You will see
But you will not understand anything.
The light in the mind has been lit and will continue to burn. I just came
Will explain you and burn now. Thank you.
Thank you. a lot or today's lecture is
Divinely plump. Actually I II
I want this to happen after a particular ex.
Things should turn around and they will
Turn around. I am telling you. Give will give
Will turn around. If you focus
So. Ok. So let's continue. So now my
I think now after so many lectures I will
After explaining, I will tell you in this way
I have convinced you from every point of view
that the first thing is that nothing should happen
Just Trading Take Trading As Normal
Things It Is Not Something That Some Gamble
Or you know you'll be completely ruined.
You will be looted, no it is not its equivalent
to all the other professions anything you ex and
Wanna work weather it's ah any
Business, anyone you know, you have to plan it yourself
I want to do something, I want to start something, anything.
It is almost like that. In Money Times
Will you evaluate it almost like that?
It's almost like the average.
Everything can have its own value.
Is. But it comes out after roaming around. Good
On average, they invest less money in this.
And there is loss and we invest money in this also.
Are. There is loss. That's the whole point.
Right? First thing. Now You Know How To
Evaluate. The second thing is that whenever you
If you plan your trade then you know that yes
Losses may come and I have to decide
Will have to. Will have to predefine. How much
I will explain what to do and why to do it.
I will tell you now too. And the third thing is that you
No, I am not afraid of losses at all.
Because how much quantity do I have in my hand?
Stop loss has to be taken. If you are not feeling well
Don't plan a stop loss of $1000.
Planning for 100 is too much for you to plan for
10. 10 Too Much for You plans for $5
Everything is in your hands, not in the markets
I will tell you in hand some cases in which cases
It is in the market. ok that's all
You can avoid that completely too.
I will tell you at the end so now if this
Let us continue all the things further. So
The next point is how much percent
Risks You Should Take If You Want to Make
Decent Amount of Money and You Want to Grow
your capital is okay so some people take one some
People take two some three some four some five some 10
It totally depends person to person ok
Suppose what we see on social media
near someone
Have a capital of 1 lakh
He doubled his capital of Rs 1 lakh in one trade.
Did it. That is what had happened to me.
But when he is going to double his capital of Rs 1 lakh
Has been in the same trade. So most
Probably the risk of that particular
It Will Be Somewhere Around
10 to 15%
And in some case it is actually 20% and in
Some case it's actually that the entire capital itself
It is at risk. He doesn't appear to us
The matter is different. But its whole capital is on
Risk.
So it always depends. It's a very very
Topic. Everyone is very different
From perspective. Ok?
so what is the
That perfect that fire number that no yes
Okay, we will do this much, so it will be over.
Makes Sense
So that number is actually 1% to nothing.
three not four not five not 10 1% and I
Have a solid reason why he is in the 1%?
I have everything.
I have tried and tested mine. But
To Explain in Simple Language I Can Show
You sum up the examples and from that you understand
I will come to know why 1% is there. specifically
If you are day trading, if you are
doing scalping or if you're doing
intraday if you are doing this then you have
To Follow 1% and Why 1%? Just See The
Screen. Ok?
So
Ok
So this is silver alright anyways let's take
we have two person okay person one
Person A and Person B
Ok? Now I'm a huge fan of Jim
Simons. Ok? Before starting this
I am telling you my perspective. I
I'm a huge fan of Jim Simons. End
He was a mathematician and with the help of
Math
patterns
And by fusing it with these algorithms
He has made one system that has saved billions of
Generate dollars. Billions right?
Social media traders are also around
It is not there anywhere. Billions of Dollars. And that
What to do to generate billions of dollars
Has it been used? Math.
ok what exact math i don't know but it
Was Math It Was Not Some So Called Indicator
I applied it and it worked or it was not enough
So called this strategy by drawing this and doing this.
If we do this and then this, it will be done. No
What was that? It was math.
Ok. So let me just one second. Just Give
Me a second. Now Explain You What Kind
Of math is there. Now understand this a little.
Ok? And what I will tell you about this
There is also a homework regarding this. So that's homework
You also have to follow. Have to try it.
And after that your eyes will open further.
Even after that, do you follow it completely?
Will you do it or how will you be able to do it? I'll give you in the end
I will tell you everything. Ok? So till the end.
No one will leave the class today. So,
Let's take Person A. Person A is taking
1% risk. He got this decided. Ok?
And let's take the example of Person B.
People live at a slightly higher risk. Let's
Take 3%.
We have a 10-10 winning and losing streak.
Let's look at this thing from a point of view. 10
Wins, 10 losses, 10 wins, 10 losses. Why
Like this? because
If you look at it like this
So the market is very different. this with you
Cut to cut is not going to happen. Right? that 10
You will get back to back wins. 10 back to
There will be back losses only. This does not happen.
The market is very dynamic. Right? or every
times you will get 1:3. It doesn't even happen
Is. But
If there is anything in it
It is 100% proven
So it should not be reflected in our real trading.
Up to 80% things are similar.
Ok? If Mathematically Anything Is Right
At 100%.
So if we're not using algorithms and all
So at least in that
20% similarities remain. Ok?
So and then after that the whole game is average.
It also happens. if you
Average of 100 trades or 1000 trades
If you take it out then go around in average
That's where the matter comes in.
Ok? So, it is very important to understand this
It is necessary. And to a large extent, things are like this
She will always be around you. Ok. So if let's
Let's start with Win 10. 10
Wins and 10 Losses.
Ok? Now that I give you the entire lecture
If I tell you, 10 thoughts will come to your mind.
That no no I am not sure about it being profitable.
Then I will reduce my risk or
Then now I have made my profit. Now
Why would I take that much risk? All these thoughts
I have grown up here. You can cook. do you have any problem
Not there. You can do it. You can do it.
Whatever you want. You Can Think Whatever
You want. And you're open to thinking okay
think
But when things come into reality, it will happen
Which will not actually happen in reality
You might see things as
It's possible to do something worse than this
It remains okay, meaning that the 10 wins that come
Maybe in 10 wins you
Don't wait, even though the market wants to give you
There must be profit but don't wait, just tell me.
No, okay, it's over, let's send this.
I have made some profit, now I am out.
I have stopped after leaving, that's it, loss is covered.
My no out but maybe market you
He is busy giving. Can you find? Wet Eye
Will give you the money. But we stop
Because of the emotions. Ok? so what
Happens? If we take 10 wins and both
We start it from ₹1 lakh. ₹1
Lakh, 1 lakh here also, 1 lakh here also. Ok?
If Winning Streak Comes First
Is. Meaning I took 10 trades and made 10 out of 10.
We made a profit.
Ok? Or take it from the first loser? You Guys
Decide What Is More Likely to Happen Wins
And Los?
You tell me.
Do it with loss? Ok, good. all most of the
People are saying loss. That's ok. from Los
Let's start. Ok? Let's Start
With loss. So, as usual because it can happen,
There are possibilities. Okay, one more thing.
Do you know what it is? How is my view
Thinking of trading? One thing to lose from this
I remembered that if you were to
Are you prepared for what the worst case scenario might be?
Mathematically things can go zero. Zero K
Will it become minus later? No.
You can't go minus. So if you are
Actually Prepared for the Worst, Rest
Everything else is either average or best. So
Keep yourself prepared for the worst,
Just everything is sorted.
Ok. So
If we start with a loss. So if
This is taking a risk of 3%.
So when the drawdown comes, right?
Whatever capital remains near it will survive.
₹0000
And the capital will remain near it
70,000
Ok?
Now since 90,000 has arrived. right here
There is no brokerage, nothing.
Just simple thing, simple math so that you understand
I came to know that risk management is in lager run
How does it affect trading? Ok?
Now, if the first loss comes, then the next winning
Let's take a streak. If the winning streak
Aayega and let's say this guy made 10% so he
will be 99,000
90 because it is 90,000 is 10% of 90,000
99,000
Ok? If this guy will make
Because its risk was 3%.
Then how much will be the money? Tell me. I don't
Have calculator right now. How much will be the
money? If he plans according to these 3% now
If he is doing it then.
How much will the money be?
21,000
Ok. So 21,000 + 70000 it is
91,000
Got it?
Fine. First was losing streak, second
Was Winning Streak. Losing streak again
ok lost 10%
How much is left with him if he loses 10%?
How Much Is Left With Him Again He Lost
Sure Chalo Let's Take 89000 Round Numbers
how much is this guy
How much will a person with 91,000 have left with him?
Near B? 3% risk
3% risk
63,000 61,000 Are you sure? 63,700
Are you sure? OK 63000
I'm pretty sure it happened twice
By calculating, you have understood that if
If I take it 10 times then the B ones
The Capitol will end up near But a
The one with the same name will have a slight loss. Very
There will be a slight loss, not a big loss. May B5
Around 10% means the person from A category
Isn't that one near the A one, if even one
The Queen has arrived
So it will come back to profit and from there
He can start pushing his
Account Co This Is Just a Basic
Understanding
But if the B person uses such lettuce four times
And we will do it, it will end now for you
This might be coming to mind if we start from Vin
will start
Then things will be different because already
He will have ₹1300 in trade
And it will have ₹10 rights
Am I right? Is it coming to your mind?
He must be coming. Let's try that too.
Because that's where the real fun lies. right now this is
There was nothing. Again Person A
Person B 3%
1%
Allright
First win was 10000
1 lakh 300000
fine wow amazing
Who is winning be let's continue losing
streak came 10% went to A how much
left
How much is left with B?
91 K Fine Fine
Losing is over, let's read again. Losing is over.
Let's do the win again. Let's do the win
Again. Now what is the final?
How much he has? 1 lakh how much? 9000. Let's
Take for round number.
How Much This Guy Has?
91's
1 lakh
18000 how much is left
Just plus 30% plus 30% simple math keep it now
Just don't over complicate, keep it simple
Plus 10% to this guy Plus 30% to this guy
Because capital his rest is 3% in but rate
So obviously it is making 3%
Three Times More Right How Much Is It 120 Joe
whatever it is 18 121 whatever it is
121 and 18, whatever it is, I will not use it right now.
calculator again and again okay i think
Age of now it will be 9327
If you plus a it will be 118
ok 118 yes 118 yes yes not 1218
Okay, so right now if you see if you see attention
The first person who came to win from
Working at risk. he got a big
Hit.
Ok? Did you get a fine big jump?
Bada paise ban gaye and everything is just
Looks amazing. And sometimes it happens to us
It is like when we plan a trade
First we took a little risk. make money
Let's go. In that we feel like champions
Wow, the money is very good. And with you
This might have happened to me too. would have made money
You did it very well in the initials.
Maybe I never decided to risk it
It may already be there or you have made good money. But
Even after making good money
What Will Happen?
If a losing streak comes, this person
I regained my composure but this guy came down.
too much. And again if Vin also comes then
You see, there's more difference between these two.
There is no difference. And if we do it two or three more times
If you calculate it, do you know what will happen?
A will still be in profit but B will be in loss
Will come.
And if we do this 10 20 times 20
Capital will not be actually 10 times or
You will do it 12 times and capitalize on that.
The one with B will be wiped out. A one
He will survive.
The A Will Survive.
B went. Tata bye-bye. Goodbye. Went.
Now why does this happen? See
What is a simple understanding behind this?
Can it?
A has 100 attempts. Not Actually 100 A
60 attempts from I will.
60 attempts.
B Haz
May B 15 to 20
That's it.
So now what do you think that one guy has 60
Attempts. One cow has 15 to 20 attempts.
Who has more chances of making money?
What do you think?
Of course a
So now keep one thing in mind carefully.
How well do you want to fit it?
that if you want
That I come in the successful category. I should
Be able to make some money with trading.
Whatever happens to me, it falls into the A category.
Have to stay.
More attempts, more probability of making it
money.
Ok? What we have just calculated is
According to the calculation
If a cycle of 10-15 trades starts from late
Used to be. You have to do this homework
To you. These are the scenarios I told you
You get 1% and 3%, these are 1% and 3%.
have to do and also have to do in one and 2% and 20
You have to try it till then and use the help of Chat GPT
Don't take it. take help of calculator
Is. Ok? Chat GBT, show it quickly.
You will not be able to get involved in that process.
In. You have to get involved. And this thing loses
It is better to calculate than to learn by doing.
Learn by doing it first.
Ok? So
In this situation, now a little trading in it
Let's put the logic.
When we survive in the market for longer
If you do it then you will survive longer.
what happens after that
We have more attempts in one or
Two trades like this will definitely come to us.
Which will give us 1:10.
And the same will happen with B, who is a na
A trade will come which will give 1:10.
Is it correct? We keep both the probabilities
Let's go. It can't be so one-sided
Are.
But
Do you know what the result will be?
When again those trades will continue. because
It is not that once after 110 minutes
You will close the market or you will leave it.
I market. I don't trade anymore
I will never do it or I will never trade.
This will not happen. Your trade should continue
Will continue.
So, if you get 1:10 on the B situation, then you
How much will you make? You will make it in one trade
30,000.
In this you will earn only Rs 10,000.
But when the losing streak comes again
So the money of the person A will be saved. But B
slowly slowly slowly in the end
It has to end. As soon as that bicycle
The 2030 trade cycle will come again.
Gonna stick around until the next big win
It will be over.
And don't believe me. Don't Believe Me. do it
Itself. Go and Try It Out
Yourself. So now I have discussed the basics which are our one
Math tha basic math me i have tried to
Includes trading point of views also that
Well, a big win could also result in a fine.
It will come in A and it will come in B
And a big win if you ask me.
Probability
Whoever has more, it is the same because
He has more attempts
The one with A has 60 attempts.
Who knows, your 1:10 trade will turn into 12 trades?
You have to come later. Your 13th trade will be worth 1:10
Who is going to By the time you reach 13th, A will remain.
But B will be finished. Capital near B
It will not survive. Now that there is no capital
What will the poor guy do if he survives? Now came the forest
The shooting trade. Came in gold yesterday
Momentum.
A 5-minute candle is worth 1000 pips. Capital
It is not there at all.
A earned cash because he had capital
Pass because he was surviving in the market
In. And this is the truth. this is the
Ultimate Truth. Because you have age a
Trader you evolve. in your skills
You evolve. As I can see the chart
I have been. Maybe by looking at the chart
It may take you time. You learn slowly
Things.
But You Can Still Catch Up a Lot
With this thing. If you do it this way
If you follow and move on
Because you also have to trade to evolve.
and capital to trade
Having money for want and capital
Needed How will we survive? This way.
Everything is linked with each other. If We Try
To understand. And if we don't.
Done
Then nothing can happen to us.
And trust me, as many of you as trade
All the people who are going to do it
How much does one have in themselves now?
Why shouldn't confidence come, it doesn't matter
To me.
If you divide some of you into two groups
It should be divided. One's skills are very good
Let's keep one and the skills of one are a bit average
I do keep it but I maintain discipline at its best.
Make him a group with A and one with B
Create a group with. B humans
People in the group also work at high risk.
Are doing. And they have confidence that
Has more market experience. at the end
Only people with A in it will be profitable. B
A lot of money was made in the initial stage.
Will go. And it will look or not? Yes dear
B group is amazing. B group is very large
Making money. But eventually in the end
It will all collapse.
Because
Trading is not like that. Just Is A Game
Not how much we made in one trade today
Like it. No it's all about average. It's all
About average.
Like when I taught you, in fact
When I posted the story today, I
So many DMs are coming that Sir, now
The rolls will arrive. Now there's a Rolls Royce.
Will go. I said, what should I tell you? that is
Looking that good it's 180*
If you make it 100 then it will be 1.8 crore.
The down payment for the Rolls-Royce is done.
The rest of the work will be done once you get the finance done.
They are watching this because that is what is on their mind.
What I'm watching right now March April
March is over, April is over, June is over
July August September well okay if these
Case losing streak also reached 10 and if
I'm taking an average of six or seven as well.
Even if I get a losing streak of 10, I
Even if I survive, I will still have only 50%
The Capitol will go.
50 will still remain. That means I will still have the
Chance. If even one trade out of 50 goes well
Again such big money made.
So technically I'm going to invest my
Profits into my trading to make more.
Then after that we will think about it further. As such
It's not halwa.
Got it.
Did you understand this?
God it. This This Whole Thing
If in any trade
In any trade right this down.
You are going to risk more than 1%.
that means
The probability is very high that you
Capital
You will loose it.
If you look at the lager span, with in the
Span of 100 trades vs in the span of
200 trades
The possibility is very high. You Will End Up
Losing your capital.
Sir I needed this clarity so badly. I know
I know one, that's why I said
that what you have learned so far, you
You are very happy. And I am really
Happy that you understood. you were able to learn
All the technical parts and you loved it. But
Real trading has started now. End
This is just the first lecture. this is just
First. Now you have to understand possession
Sizing. How It Actually Affects Your
Trading. How will you follow 1%? with the
Help of position sizing. His
donation
What is risk reward correlation? that give give
Things will work for you. else it will come
For you. You just learned the chart.
Price has learned. That's it. It's fine.
You can do a very good analysis with it.
And you people are doing it too. And Things Are
Working in your favor. You are also making it.
Trades are going well on the charts now
In your favor. But he does not decide that
You will actually make money. it
It will decide whether you will make money or not.
If this happens you will make money. If not then
You will not make money. Ok? now there is
I have one screenshot. I will share with
You. Ok?
There are two screenshots. I will first show that
what people see and then actually
What happened? Then you will understand.
Just a second.
just a second
Om
Yes you are absolutely right manav
And Vijay, don't worry, I don't mind this
I will tell you all the cars and bikes tomorrow itself.
Told Ducati's scene Ducati was one of
My One Day One At One Time It Was My Dream
Bike but yesterday I was so worried about paperwork.
It happened that I was like
All this billeting is too much. Ok?
So and the second thing is that what I believe
is that your cars and bikes should not pass
More than five 4% and 3% of your net worth.
Okay, that's 5%. Above 5% if your
Cars and bikes are going then I don't
Think it's a very good decision. even two if
You want that thing badly. I don't think you
Should go for it.
Ok? So technically if the car costs 6 crores
You should have at least 120 crores then take more
₹10 crore or don't take it.
Right
Okay, so now.
Now after this the biggest question is that you
How will you follow this? how are you going to
Follow this thing. Ok? now you know the holi
Grill. Now you know okay it's fine. ok this
This is what happens. This is what happens. This
Is what the reality is. Ok? One more thing
Your capital is Rs 1 lakh. Your Capital 10,000
Is. Your capital is Rs 1 crore. Your Capital
It is 1000 crores. I am not thinking 1 crore
There must be someone here. But even if it is
So it doesn't matter. Everything is 100% for the market
Is.
It's all percentage in the market.
Money has no value. any value
Not there. Just now a brother in Delhi
Loss of Rs 100 crore in option selling
Is. He was the owner of a five star hotel. 100
There has been a loss of crores.
It could be a very large number. But Actually
In it is just percentage for market. They
Perhaps he did not understand this.
were making decent money and the stock
Crossed it. Option selling in one fell swoop
Was doing. If they knew one little thing
would have
that you should hedge your position
So, I would not say that it is worth Rs 100 crore.
A loss of Rs 100 crore would have been avoided. I'm sure I'll lose
Still it would have happened. But maybe it's 100%
Would. 10-20 that much he can probably bear
Easy. Just with Haze.
And I had my portfolio.
I have learnt this thing. that fine okay this is
how ah this
Hatch Fund Managers Actually Hedge There
Account. So this is his work, this is the hatch fund. Fund
To hedge. So that if the market falls, its
The client's money should not be lost.
And I do it for myself. Anyways Lets
Get back with the topic.
So how will you follow? understand this
Question. Ok? because
Now You Know the Thing to Follow This
There is one thing which you need to know. They
Is
Off
Truth.
Now what is the understanding of truth?
Understanding is now you know that you
Can't run beyond the percentage.
Can you run away? Can you go beyond this?
Tell me. Is There Any Possible Way? See you all
Guys are smart people.
I
Whenever I sit, there are other creators who
Everyone praises that their
The audience is very mature. very mature
There is an audience.
There is no audience with children. any child too
If it happens then he will be mature. smart him
He will be sensible. He will understand things.
So technically you can't beat maths. You
Can't beat maths.
You will have to stay within that limit. because you
You are working on numbers, right? Ok? Emotions
Let's come fine this and that. But
This understanding, this truth to know
And by you know while I am teaching you.
I repeat this to myself as well.
I am doing this so that I never make the same mistake again.
In future, I may also reach Rs 1000 crore.
I will manage. I will manage Rs 10,000 crore.
So I have to keep this in mind.
Recently a hatch fund collapsed.
There was a $20 billion hatch fund.
collapsed
Maybe I don't know the reason but it collapsed
20 billion.
So no matter how much money I have. I have to
Understand that boss, whether you have 100 or 100
Be it crores or 10000 crores. Still is that
100%
So You Should Know What You're Asking What
There will be the outcome and you can't go beyond that.
Can. Got it? is there any
Possibility? You can do anything you set your mind to.
Can you use your brain a little? I will tell you
i you. I'll tell your mind what
What minds do people put? Ok? In fact, I
Think sometime if this video goes ahead and goes on YouTube
If I ever come, people will think that
Hey, when I make a profit of ₹1,300
So why would I take such a big risk? You
will you take it or else
I will do this when I lose
I will take it. You can think. We Can Think
I did not understand 100%. By 100% I mean this
that from let's just what you've seen which
The entire calculation has been done. Right? understood that
Thing well. You cannot go beyond that
Can.
You can do this. The Outcome of All of You
may vary that in one very large
Made risk profit. small risk
I got a huge reward from what I had taken.
Things are going well, settling down
Are. But
As soon as we come back to the same topic. One
Don't judge by the outcome of two trades. As
The same thing will come up, then 100 trades, 100
After 200 trades, then 500 trades,
These are the trades that will come your way in your career.
Are. Then 1,000 trades.
The outcome will be the same because then turn around
The average has arrived, right?
That's the thing
And someday you will get caught in the market's cycle.
If you get stuck even once, that bicycle
It happens that there is a loss when one loses.
In an attempt to cover it up a little,
increased the risk to cover it
This increased the risk a little more in the affair
When will your capital be wasted in small matters?
You won't even realize it will be half done. This
Is what will happen with you. if you know the
The thing is that its the truth of it its
Just get something in your mind
have
Two
Follow Anyway, you have to follow no matter what.
Go without regard for anything
You Have to Follow 1% Else There Is No Other
Option Now let me give you my example
I will show you. And I have not followed 1% in
That but that is not my full capital. Ok?
Where does this apply? your entire
How can there be a supposed division of 1% of the capital?
Is? Suppose you have ₹1 lakh and you
Said I will do one thing. ₹0000 out of ₹1 lakh
I will let you study in the bank. withdraws ₹1,000
Am
And this is a trade of ₹1,000 out of ₹1,000.
I will take the risk of the forest.
10% risk is visible according to capital
From. But technically how much is it? It's 1% only.
Technically it is 1% only. This understanding
Just have to keep it in mind.
As soon as you go beyond 1%. even if you
Go 1.5 Trust Me You Expose Yourself
You are moving towards losses. Meaning, understand it like this
Look, there is a rope, you are walking on it.
yes. Here also you have got it waited and carried.
If you fall on one side, there is profitability and one
If you fall to the side, there is loss. There is a ditch. and if
You have a slight balance
The balance of the road tilted even a little.
After walking a little distance there, you will fall down.
On the other side. You will walk long. this is a
Very good example. If you take even 1.5% from forest
Even if you do, the odds are not in your favor.
Will come. then also you are exposing
Yourself. Maybe you can survive longer.
Ok? And from there again your good if
If you get a winning streak, you can survive.
Peacock. You can't be for a long run.
Because if you get 1% in 60 attempts
are getting
You will get at least 40 in 1.5%
Will meet.
And then everyone's luck is different. Correct
Is? It's luck. Maybe you took 2%. Your luck
He supported me. A trade like yesterday comes to hand
Went
That at a risk of ₹7,000, close at ₹1,80,000
Are doing. That is also a thing. Butt again
The matter will come up again and again. So never
Skip that 1% of things. Ok? Got it? Understanding
Am I here? will everybody follow
We
Got it now let me tell you one more thing
You have understood this here.
Beyond know what's back we come to the Abbey
have been
Now How the Market Tricks You Mentally and
How Markets Can Squeeze You Mentally
When you give
Do you lose 50% or take this 1% risk?
Used to be. This is taking a risk of 3%. So now
It is clear to you that 50% capital
Whose will go soon? B's or A's? Of B.
His capital will soon be halved. Because that 3%
It is working.
Now it does not happen here again whether he
I don't know, there's a very good saying that
Kill the dead more. That scene will happen.
now how?
If you suffer a 50% capital loss
You need to invest 100% to break even.
You have to gain. Warren Buffett said
By publishing the matter. Capital loss of 50% if
If it happens then you will have to pay 100% to get even.
I need gain. Whereas if you lose 20%
So to break even you need about 20
Two 25% loss gain is required.
Ok? How to look like this
Risk
Required to cover losses. And this to me
I know when I felt good once. I
Warren Buffett said this in 2021 or 22
did he tell anyone in a meeting or
I was very happy when someone told me
Had I heard this or have I stoked in the last
Lecture also risk percentage sorry
Percentage Not Risk Percentage
Required to cover losses
Very very beautiful calculation and
Very good thing okay let me just explain
You
Let Me Take a Clear Picture
Chalo this is good
Now you see, it's okay, you just look like this.
I hope you can see me right here, so let's
Me squeeze it. Ok? You must be seeing it now. So
If you pay attention to this, everyone can see it.
Isn't it? Is everyone seeing the percentage? On this
Focus. To understand what I am explaining
Try. It's as pudding as it sounds
There is no easy task in following. It's very
Tough. To follow and to stick to a rule. Very
Tough. It is very difficult. You are frustrated
You will become like this when you actually follow the risk of 1%
You will start doing it. So what would you think
Is. I have such a huge capital lying around
Next to me. I take such a small risk
Why am I working? Then the market will give you
Will I feel the ting or not? It will be even bigger.
Have to take the risk. I need to do this. I need
To do this.
And once you take a big risk, then you are in the market
That's what you got trapped in. that same
cycle and then there is no backup from
That. Ok? So now see how this happens. I
Will explain you. It's been two and a half years since I
thing yet.
I still can't do it sir
Exactly Neeraj that's why I am
Telling you look, look, it's been two and a half years.
Neeraj is still unable to do it.
Neeraj should be done now because I don't
I know, you just learned something somewhere before.
or are you connecting with someone somewhere
I am not doing it but I want to tell you this much
I can say with confidence that if you
If you don't do it, I'm telling you what's coming.
How will it be two and a half years? the next two and a half years
It will be like this that first of all, your two and a half years
If he goes, he is fined. Ok? The experience was
Of the market. But here you spend two and a half years
You will give plus capital to the market.
You will give time, you will give capital and what will be the outcome?
will be? Zero except experience. I am
Telling you Neeraj, this is the last call for you.
And for all of them Dhruv, you have 3 years
Have gone.
Dhruv, this is the last call for you too.
Because maybe you already have all these
know or have you seen it before to understand
Have you tried or are you in the first class?
There is only one, not someone should come in
front of your face and from that boss it is
The last resort. This is the last thing if you
Can't Do It Forget About Being a
Trader. Forget about being a trader. I
I am telling you literally, telling you to your face
Am. Forget about being a trader. And this
It applies not only to you but to me also.
If I keep on you no pushing on very
Aggressive Risk
So I took a screenshot of Instagram.
This happens at least once for the story of
It will come, I will take the risk directly.
$25000 of $00 and straight away once I become
$5 million could become $3 million, $4 million, $5 million
But it will only be made once
Because it's not going to last
If I work at risk then it will be empty.
I will become an Instagram hero.
That's it and I just like Instagram
I don't want to be a hero, not a profit-making hero.
I don't want to become a teacher, I am fine with it.
Ok? So this is the real side. now and
How is it difficult? Understand this. If 3%
The person who is working on it will die soon.
Meaning, you are actually understanding the thing that
It seems like a lot of tempting to me, friend.
If you take big risks, you will make big profits. If
We took a risk of 1000 and made 3000.
If I had taken this for three, it would have been 9,000. But the
Reality Will Be That As Soon As Losses Hit
Will it make that much recovery for you?
It will become more difficult because of this
Percentage Theory. And again you beat it
Can't do it. You can't beat this.
There is no other option. And this is what you get here
Pay percentage is visible, from this actually
It happens more in me. like for example
You can see here 25% if you lose
If you do, what do you say about 33%?
There will be losses. But sorry, I have to recover.
33% but the reality is that you get 40 to
45% has to be done. Why? Brokerage,
slippage
Sometimes higher spreads are due to volatility
and if you ever make a mistake then it
Fat fingers speak the language of trading
In. All that too at an average cost
We do. Like right now news of NFP
I made a loss plan on one trade that day.
I did it for $2500.
Market slippage took away $8000
Volatility was my stop loss plan yesterday
Had to pay 300 of $900 to the market
skip
I'm wondering what happened, I'm pressing the button
It was about to close, then until it was closed, it was done so much
Such a big candle was made and it reached 30,000 plan.
How much was 7900
I can't do anything about it now, I'm fine.
He's gone, it's gone, he's like an average person to me.
Whether I get it done or not, it is mine.
The average will increase, but it will not actually increase.
The average loss that will come out is not the last month
It just happened, it happened this month, NFP news
So right now, this month itself, this month's NFP
Later I also took the trade
And I made 21000
Okay, and that too at a risk of ₹2500.
I had taken only 10 trades and my share for Rs 2500.
I also went to the story on Instagram.
It will be in the community, if you see it
When was even a second at risk of ₹2500 because
NFP News Pay It Was Like a Big
Make a candle and then go a little higher
He made it completely equal. as much as
It was bigger than that and went down
Price. And I was short.
I was shot before, I came the second time too
Short it. So that will cost you an average
She does. So all those prices are not here.
It is added. This is straight forward mathematical
It is on basis. If you add that too then it
Becomes more difficult.
Ok? Now you have an idea of ​​the difficulty level.
It is happening. My God. I have lost 50,000
Euro Almost All of My Capital in Silver
Crash. I had no clue about risk management.
Thanks for today's class. Now Started
Stay away from the market until I learn
Completely. Very good, very good. Ah Babu is
it is it is it of
Recent Crush and When Silver Crashed 40%?
Is it yesterday and was it the last
To Last Crash. January Forest. Ok. Silver
Crash 40%.
40%. So this is a thing. What now? Good
Imagine it. So just imagine for a
thing for a minute imagine for a minute
If I do not set stop loss of 2500 on NFP
If I had planned for Rs 10,000
So what would happen? what would have been my
Tell me the actual loss.
Because I planned for 2500 it took at 8000.
From 2500 to 8000. So if actually
If I have plan 10,000 8 to 10000 which
It happens normally sometimes. Actual Loss
How much would it be? 35,000 Approx 30% of 35,000
nearby.
Ok? And I new it. because I
There are a lot of NFP trades. So I came
New it that this happens. that's why me
I had to keep it less than my actual loss.
Because I knew that if the market favors
If I went, I would have risked ₹500 and made a straight ₹20,000.
It can become 25,000.
But if the spread is heavy
So instead of two and a half, that's 6000 I was
Expecting actually around 4 to 5000
But it was so high to 8000
And imagine if in tomorrow's trade I
Instead of planning for Rs. 8000, he would have thought that friend, one
The market works so badly
I have crashed, I am planning for a long time.
Gold will also reverse from here, so when it becomes big
Money has to be made, why not let's create?
History: I am also famous on Instagram.
Let's Create History Let's Not Plan
Stop loss of Rs 10,000 lets plan for Rs 3000
Stop Loss Let's Take Risk Big Bat
For life, instead of 8000, he took 30,000.
Has gone. That capital wipe out for 3,000.
NFP news is the best
The data comes. Because of that, in the market
It comes.
Ok? So let's get back here. right now you
I understand that if you are in zone B then
Why Coming Back
is even more difficult for you is even more
Difficult for you because if you lose 50%
done now you have to make 100%
Are you able to evaluate this mentally?
Because I have already suffered this
That's why I am able to put so much
energy because it is so much
I am emphasizing this thing again and again
I'm saying the same thing 10 times
Got it? But if you're on the A side you will
Be safe. Okay, let me give you another shock. One
I have given you the reason to stay on A's side.
B on the A side. Don't join the B team. One
And listen to the blow. When you blow away 50% of your capital
yes. You waste 30%. Now near you
There won't be that much quantity left to take.
For. Meaning if you have a capital of Rs 90,000
If you were able to take one lot, now you can also want to
The market is showing you that a lot of your
Will go in favor. It would be great. This will happen
That will happen. But even if you want, you can buy one lot.
You won't be able to. Now you are forced to sell 0.6 lots
will get. Because there is no capital. Margin
It is not that much. Because it flew away by 50%.
So it becomes even more difficult. Now you
Think mentally. That's why people lose.
That's why people get trapped in this cycle. You
You have lost 50%. Now you know that
You only need 100% to break even.
Will have to gain Rs. Ok? right there in your
Also, your team member is if he is from team A
and if he scores 100% from LETS
If returns are made, the capital will double.
His. Making up for that though 100%
It will be difficult. But even if he made 40%
Even if it is not half of yours, his capital will still increase.
Will go. And you will take a loss and reach break even.
And it will only get more difficult.
Because now you take the same quantity as before
were you when you had a full ₹1 lakh
You will not be able to take that quantity now ₹00
Because you won't get it, there's no margin.
If you add more money, how much money will you add?
How long will you keep adding money to this misunderstanding?
don't stay at all
and add more money
People went home, only the car left.
With the thought that we will add more money
Never live under this misconception. and someone else
One should not even keep in mind that and
I will add the money. No, don't even think about it.
It. You have already planned ahead
As I told you earlier,
You have ₹1 lakh and you just
Also add ₹10,000.
You know that if you lose your entire capital
I also increased that to 10%.
You can recover back.
The entire amount has been added at one go and
Will add money. No chance.
You can also add money by taking loans from here and there.
You can save yourself by doing this. But that day you
Will fail as a trader.
You will fail as a trader. then how do you do it
Can you recover the loss? I don't want to go, right?
Devotion. I don't have to go to that stage, right? A
Stay on the side. That's why I am saying on B
Don't stay. There is no need to stay on B. If
If you stay in A then everything will be normal.
Everything will be normal and smooth. and the same
Things are sorted as soon as a good trade comes.
Things Will Cover. All savings lost like this
Done. Kashish I can understand.
I can understand. Did you understand? Thank you.
Thank you Mick. Thank you. This is a thing.
This is a thing. End
Don't just believe what I say. so much to explain
Even after. Ok? Because I still have
It's not billions of dollars.
But if you go and study Jim Simons
You will understand that
what I have said
He was saying the same things. Because I also
Somewhere when I understood and then
Later, when I studied more, now in my free time
What do I do? I keep getting all this from me
It is on Instagram. And these are all the things I
I keep reading. I keep watching it all the time.
So the dots connect. It Builds Your
Confidence. It Builds My Confidence
Also, what I am telling you is actually
There is confidence in it. And I Can Teach You
With confidence. You feel it in the voice
Will it happen or not, yes boss this man is in power
Now. Why because I know this is reality.
This is how my capital has increased.
Okay now?
Now another eye opener adds to this.
How many trades should be made in a day?
What should be done, how should it be done, we
Let us understand intraday scalping. Ok? Day
There is a dedicated trading class. There
I will understand. How is this possible? it is
Just Possible
That I cut from one trade and trade another.
I can move on. If I will not
Leave one thing until I leave it
Till then I will look at second opportunity.
I will not be able to focus. I feel like it, friend
Accuracy doesn't matter. Yes
Accuracy doesn't matter much. Let us go
Let's let's see. Let me tell you something.
Let me explain you. Accuracy also matters
Does. If you are big on accuracy
It would be great if you could get the reward.
Is. Another thing is, I've told you things
I have just told you. Same Kind of Thing Jim Simon
Also says. other than that
George Soros Pilner Not a Very Good Guy
Because he is famous for dividing the country but
As a trader, just see what he says
Both say the same thing, a final decision on this
I'll Show You Another to stamp
Thing Wait Wait Ya Hold On Nobody Will Leave
Today I think it may be this one
The channel is 72, some people have doubts.
Isn't it that traders make money after making money
Why open your own market channel?
Look, he's a billionaire. 15,000 subscribers
There are 72 of them, but anyway, which is the most important thing.
This is it. I hope I get it. So this
This is a video.
Everyone go and watch this video. Correct
Is? Hatch Fund Billionaire Steve Cohn
Performance Coach Reveals How Trader K
Improvisational game. This brother is the head
Performance Coach is 72 Asset Asset Management
K. is managing 72 billions of dollars.
Billions of Dollars. When you read this entire lecture
If you watch it, you will hear that
The accuracy that is coming out is 43%
43% of these
43%
43% off course is because
He has higher reward setups. Very Hired
What rewards will they give me?
Rewards are like crazy so how they
Evaluate whether they have this understanding
If we take 100 times trade then 100
Most likely 57 in the trade of the times
Times we are going to suffer loss. and when
They already know they are going to trade
I am not even looking at it. Outcome of a trade
I am not keeping it in mind. what's on your mind
Running that ok fine 100 trades.
57 out of 100 trades resulted in losses
Going to do. The first understanding is that
Losses are inevitable in 57 out of 100 trades
Is. So the loss has to be managed in such a way that it reaches 57
Let it be cut. We will take out the remaining 43
Good reward. And I hope you also know this thing
Understand this. 1:3 Is Just Starting. it is
Not a very good risk reward. 1:3 is
Just starting. You Have to Aim for Hire
Five six to 10 m as high as possible. Do
Don't restrict yourself. of rewards
There is no limit and there should not be. End
This is the beauty of the market. Because
There is no limit on rewards. so you
Have even higher chances to make money. Not Just
that you will get 1:2 then trade automatically
Yours will be closed. Then close to
That became a gamble. that either you make
100 and you lose 50.
That's kind of a gambling if you think but
Since if things went in your favor then
Things Go As High Edge 50 of 500 1:3 Small
is 1:3 what I say 1:3 default
should be
Below 1:3, forget about profitability.
You. There are two types of things. See to Two
Types of Things. One is profitability and
One is making very big money.
What do you need for profitability? 1
Three Atleast
For Big Money or If You Want to Make Money
What Do You Want Higher as High as Possible
1:20 1 One of my students was there in
2023 batch. He took a trade in a stock
Was. There was a stock by Mathsdoc. He Got 1
Risk reward of. Kept trailing.
Profits kept going up. Trail Profit and
Trail stock keeps rising, keeps rising
growing, growing, growing
Is. 120% risk reward per trade
Loss cover for 100 trades
Or let's say 100 trades in one trade.
that they came to him at the rate of 1%
This thing will stop losses.
And that's the whole point.
Ok? So I traded two lots, five lots to Nifty
I take the trade. Ok. So I had 20
SL of points vs 60 point profit. Yes
It's perfect. 20 points tussle 60 points
Profit it's good. 1:3 It's good. But try
That you do a little more and no more. 60 pence
Comes. Don't cut it immediately at 60. 60's
Trail it later at 50. If the pump comes then 60
In one stroke it will reach 780.
It was intraday and then converted into
Swing. Now he is making profits so he has cut it.
Didn't do it. Let's do it by getting the trail done
Went Just Like Anything
Okay, yes, from now on, you guys are in the 1% club.
With this knowledge you guys are in the 1% club only
1% of people have this kind of knowledge
You go and see, now I need to go too.
Not there. How many of you are here?
You have been trading for three to four years, right?
I knew that yes there is 1% risk. Why
Is it important? How will it affect? Lager Run
What impact am I going to make? follow him
How to do it? No clarity. And this is your
It doesn't matter. I haven't for 4 years.
knew it. And tell me, look at that, my friend.
ICT does. It's been 4 years. No
He knows all this. And Rishabh, I am telling you.
You should not tell him from your side. And look at that
How much money is he able to make from ICU?
Just look.
Ok? And you just follow this thing. End
Then time will tell. who is making more
ICT is a cow
ICT is a cow, okay, he is the cow he has
Introduce lots of concepts
So if you go inner circle trader ICT
Short Form ICT Like How I Am
WT is like ICT and this is
You should go to the channel and see all these concepts.
Sakte Ho and You Can Just Learn
He has used good language, okay you are now
Go and see and think if even after 4 years
If he doesn't know this thing Rishabh, if
If I don't know then ICT is fraud now I
What should I say, I did something personal back
I haven't done any testing, I haven't done anything.
I understand things simply
I know what reality is
I am going to the core of the market and what it is.
One insight that I have understood is that good
What is its end, it is what happens
what is the end level what is that
What is Conclusion? Ok? We are 1000
You can use the concept. Fine. what is
The conclusion of that? This is the conclusion.
It's Not Some
Rocket science. it's this thing which
Will make you which will help you make money.
Not some very fancy concept. Fancy
I am not against concepts. If
You are someone who understands that language
Is. It's good. You must be comfortable
To trade. Isn't it? because I
I am not trying to impose my strategy on you.
Here. I'm here to make you a better
Trader to evolve you then I will success s
A teacher. Otherwise, why shouldn't I have a strategy?
I will teach everyone. If I only had M
I am like, okay, yes, just take out the courses.
And then I just focused on the courses.
I will do it. I am taking hours in live classes
Sitting for hours. No point no point of taking
Classes. I can sell courses ely. So much
Large audiences will easily sell out. I know someone
I don't need to do it, live classes
To take it, to sit for two hours. But now that
The people I have today are you and the
I have students with me, they are all these
It is because of the classes and what I will get in future
I know that going forward, I have a dream.
Now how will I get the quality people today?
He is a student, Kaif still thinks I
Kitna how much he has made may be his last
Time today today he should that he made $3000
Also today also means a lot means a lot
To the means a lot and
I actually want you to be as fast as possible
Evolve as much as possible, learn and earn
Joy
So that we can scale it further. I
Can't Do Everything Alone
Alright $1000 $100 means one one USD
Karthik Yes $100 Means 1% It's One US
Dollars. Now one if you if you want to
Grow Your Capital on a Consistent Basis
Kartik has $100 capital and a risk of 1%.
means $1
Ok? If you're going to $2, $3, you can
Go and you can also push quickly capital
To. But you have to be mentally prepared that yes this $
Even if you go, it should be for me.
That yes, it's okay, it's gone, no problem. It's
Fine. It's fine. Ok.
Sir, can I make $500 to that much? Return In
Opinion?
I Did Understood Robin.
I got ₹500. ₹500 ok $ it's ₹500 everywhere
that's much you can expect okay
It will be my best table memory means a
lot means ok so now can i expect
From everyone of you not even 1% I want that
He should be left behind in every 100
100% of people will follow this thing at least
All the people who are active now, some people have left.
Have gone. Some people had work. some people
You will only see the recordings of the class.
Cannot attend live. It is their compulsion.
But can I expect that as many of you
People are still active. Everybody Will Follow
This thing. I know one thing you
absolutely
now as a little
I'm going to say it hard that whenever you
If you break your own rule then you should understand this
That you will move away from your dreams.
Keep this in mind. If You Can't Follow
This then think in this term that you can fulfill your dreams
You are moving away from That's it.
You have some ambition. You want to do something.
You want to achieve something in life
Specifically in trading. In life you
Even if you do something else. It could be you
You may not be able to succeed in trading. good and
You started some other business. You
Make enough money in business that you can trade
Maybe I am not able to give you my money. this is it
Can. And my best wishes to him
Will always be with you. Right? Butt In
Talking about trading, if you want to
Become a trader and if you don't follow this
getting the heavy risk with each
The discipline break that you are doing
Thinking that boss I'm getting away from my
Dream
Okay, and maybe I won't be able to achieve it either.
But if you are following then with each step
You're getting closer with each step
You're Getting Closer in
ok alright that was it by everybody take
Care
Om Om
