All right.
 
So before starting the video, I want to
explain to you what all I am going to teach
you in this particular video
today.  So in this particular video we will
talk about candle sticks.  I
can guarantee you have never seen a lecture so precise in such detail.
And since this is a recording of my old class.
So, you will get to see a very good
thing here.  Everything
I've taught, everything I teach
always, it always goes on live charts.  All that happens
in live charts.  What happens is that
instead of keeping my concepts
in a PDF or showing them in a pre-made chart and then
planning it, it is
better if I
teach the same concepts live, then the
biggest benefit of it is to see
how the market behaves the next day.  On that basis
you can also judge whether the
concept is actually working properly or not.
So if you want to validate it then
you go and watch the entire video and after that the
date will be written on top as 20th March and
after that you go and check how the
market moved the next day after the formation of the same candlestick.
I do this because it is a bit
difficult, I know, but since I have been doing this for many years, it has been
around 10 years now,
I have
understood so much that where actually I know
what thing I have to explain and
how to bring that thing live and the benefit for the
students is that they can actually see the
concept working in the live market, so
what happens from this is that they get conviction,
whatever we are studying, there is going to be a very
important lecture on that.  And along with this,
if you look down in the description,
you will see a Google Form.
I just made that.
When will the live class be held?  I also don't know I have
quit.  But a lot of people are
insisting on this on YouTube and
in the comment section of Instagram,
in DMs everywhere.  So I created a Google Form.
Whenever there will be a live class in future, you will be
given priority first and
you will also get information and you will be
given the first seat.  Because seats are limited by time.
Because the class you are
able to see, you will see that it is an interactive
class.  It is not that there is just a
webinar-like lecture going on.  So the
advantage of this is that students can actually
clear their doubts by sending them in their live session.
And then there will be a lot of people so
I actually won't be able to connect.
Therefore seats are always limited.
I have put the link in the description below.   If
you want, you can fill up the Google form.
Whenever there is any further information, you will get it.  When will it happen
?  I also don't know.  Maybe by the end of the year,
any one batch or maybe next year or the
year after that, I don't know.  The Edge of Now
that I plan on doing is that it's not going to be a class all year.
If I don't go on a world tour next year,
then there will be classes next year.  And this was my
plan.  This war has already taken place before the war that is going on between Pakistan and India.
Things are changing a bit.  So whatever happens
you will get the update.  Anyway
you are not able to see my face.  Because I am actually
very
focused on trading right now.  I am not getting time to
make such psychology videos.
So I am not able to find time right now.
Even after that I am working hard so that your
learning does not stop.  You guys learn and move forward.
I am with you.  You must be able to see it's
around 3:43 upstairs right now
I have to go somewhere but still I am doing this now the
only reason is that you
guys learn and whatever happens, please tell
me your feedback in the comment section in the last upload
and I will try to
reply to your doubts anyway let's
start the video till here
everything is perfectly clear all set
perfect now we move ahead
towards candlestick first thing
ok a quick summary it's already summary see
I have told me yes technical analysis is
just a
study of trends and turning points that's it that's what
you have to learn if you have understood that you are all
set and keep things simple ok you do
n't have to complicate it too much make it
simple simple things work very well in
the market ok now first step
candlestick does candlestick work yesterday day before yesterday
some of you people had said that
sir my 1:5 in candlestick  I
got a target of Rs. 6, whatever it was,
I saw it in the chat, it is working for that, does it
actually work,
what is the work of candlestick, let us understand
it properly, there are few things which are
not available outside and going to be with the
first thing, how does candlestick form
or what is it, look at the candlestick, if we are
looking at any chart pattern or we are
applying our thesis, applying logic,
okay, look at it from this perspective, if
you do any
concept, any analysis etc.,
what is its main agenda, to
understand whether the market
can go up from here or will reverse and go down.
This is the main aim of analysis.  You can
read any chart pattern or you can
apply the smart money concept or any other worldly thing.
You did that analysis and after that analysis will
it go 100% correctly?  Can't
say.  There could be a
50-50% chance.  Or if I get a
good analysis from LETS then there is a 60% chance that it will be
in my favor.  If instead of putting all those rocket signs,
we just look at one candlestick and
understand on the basis of just one candlestick what the
price is trying to tell us, then
things become so easy right
because what a candlestick ultimately is,
it is its
price behaviour
and not those candlesticks that we
see outside, the pattern ones, 100, 200, 500, all the
patterns here and there, if you do this, all will be formed like this, then
this will happen, that is not the core
concept of a candlestick, so
what does a candlestick represent to you, price
behaviour is ultimately telling you
how the market has reacted at this particular time,
now
see how a price action works,
if the market has fallen today, then
what is the greater probability that it will
fall tomorrow also.
Ok?  Have we seen this in the last three-four days
or not?  What do you
think?
This is what happened, right
?  What happened in the market yesterday?  It had fallen.
What happened in the market today?  Fallen.
What happened in the market the previous day?  The market
fell.  What happened in the market before that?   The
market fell.  So, we have been
seeing the market fall for the last four days.  Well, when
it started falling, if we
go to the chart now let me open Bank
Nifty.  Ok?  Or let's open Nifty or Nifty.
This shows that the market is negative,
may fall, it has closed.  So, from here
I am saying that the market could have gone up also.  A
market is a market.  But
what had more possibility?  That brother fell yesterday.
Even today the possibility of falling is high.
This is the basic law of price action.  Ok?
So if we know this much then we do
not need to do so much fuss and complicate everything.  Because no matter
how complicated we get or we
know the insider news that the market is going to fall today because of this.  If I had
known earlier that
Pavel was going to do this, I would have sold my entire house and invested
everything in Nifty short.
And right now his name would have been at the top in India
that this person has
made ₹1000 crores in the last 4 days.  Is it equal or
not?  It is equal to that, it is 100% accurate, there
cannot be any ifs and buts in it, so we will
sell the entire stock and invest the money, but does that make sense, what you say makes sense, right,
you are understanding that, right, you are understanding that ideology, what how, what I am
trying to say, right, I hope it makes sense to
you that
if there is some such analysis or you come to know something, then
you will mess everything up, you do
n't know, so no matter how
complicated analysis you do, the
market will do all your analysis within 1 second.  So that's why we have to go
simple
things.  Now in simple things,
if the candlestick is red,
which one has more probability?  There will be a raid tomorrow also.  That's
it.  Fine.  And we also saw it in the past days.
Now this is its way of behaving.
So how do we know that if that candle turned red yesterday
then the market may fall today.  So
how will she become Red?  If we can see a candle here.
We are
seeing a shape like this.  Or suppose we are
seeing a shape like this.  If I open this shape
in 5 minutes.  Right now it appears simple to you
that the price started falling from the top
and ended here.  How
easy it looks.  If I do this
in 5 minutes for
so many zones, then you will see that sometimes it is increasing
, sometimes it is falling, sometimes it is increasing,
sometimes it is falling.  You will get confused.  I will show you.  Let
us mark this candle.
Ok?  Change its color.
Ok?  This in a different way.
Ok?  Now I will shift it in 5
minutes.
Now looking at it like this it seems that the market will
fall.  It's simple.  Such a big candle has been made.
Should fall.  Let's see in 5
minutes.  This Whole
Thing.  This has happened.   Right now it
looks like it is coming down but it has
also fallen, it has also increased, then it has fallen again, then it has increased again, then it has fallen again, then it has
increased a little, then it has increased again,
then it has consolidated, then an
attempt has been made to increase again.  Now it's become a little
complicated.  Right?  Was it a little
complicated or not?  As compared to what
we saw earlier.  Is this a minute
off?  Yes, tell me, it has become a bit
complicated, right
?  Now you have understood that if the market has to
work then it will give you the result even in simple things.
A simple candlestick is enough.
Ok?  I hope now you have understood
and will have conviction when you
trade in candlesticks because
now you know the reality.  Ok?  Now the
all are candlesticks.  Ok
?  What are the most important points in a candlestick
?  You can see these up
here.  This is today's
candlestick data that has closed.  O
means open.  H means
high.  L means low and C
means close.  So, in a candlestick, there are
four things: open, high, low, close,
and what these four things are telling you is that they are
explaining how the overall price has
behaved at that particular time,
so that by understanding that behavior, you can plan the next candle or the
next move.
I hope it's clear.
This point is clear.  What does open high, low close
indicate?  Price Behavior.
Where does Now Open High Low Close take place?  Let's
see that now.
Now, this is a red candle.  Ok?   Keep
this in your mind.  It is just a
matter of common sense that if the
price closes below the open then the color of the candle will be red
and if the
candle closes above the open then its color will be
green.
Why?  Something opened at ₹10 and it is closing at ₹8.
So obviously it will be
red.  And one thing is opening at ₹10 and
closing at ₹12, so obviously it will be
green.   Is
that clear?  I hope this point is
clear?  Very simple.  Easy to understand.
This is how the color formations of the candle take place.
Ok?  Now you have understood this
now.  This colored area is
called body.  Very simple.  And this
line that you see is called
wick.
And this line actually represents you
liquidity, it was going there, it was going there, it
suddenly came down, it came down by gagging the liquidity, it
came down by asset of the people, pressure, yes you can call it
pressure, okay
Swadhyay, so you got the point now, the
body gives you clear instructions, the
real damage, this wick, it causes the real
damage.  Even today, in the live I was doing, the
damage was
not caused by Vick.  Look I will just see, I don't know
in which phone it was recorded.  Show you this
video will also come, letter will come.  You guys should
know first.   I am going to
work here.
It was live at that time.   If you do this at the
first place, it will automatically
go first, then the order is
fine, after that how has the price behaved, I will
[music]
show think this, what I created in the phone,
after that
we can see that the wicks below, the damage went
down, so whoever had
kept their SL at this bottom line, all their
SLs got cut and after the SL was cut, the
price reversed from there, then
went a little higher and then after going higher,
taking the resistance from there, it went down.
Ok?  So who caused that damage, Main?  That
liquidity, that Vick gave damage which is
shadow.  It is also called shadow.
Ok?  Where is my pen?  Yes.  So I hope
you understand this much now?  How is open, high, low, close
color decided?  What
is a body?  The full color area is the body.  And the
line that you see is a wick.  And all the
damage will be borne by the stop losses that will be given to you.
Because retailers actually
trade in wicks.
Institutions trade by closing on the body.
I told you that right now I know few
people who trade on line.   The
line actually has a body to body form.
Laine eliminates Vicks.
Why can't we do this?  We have
little capital or we do not have that much
loss taking ability.
Because of this means I do it.  Ok?  I do it that way
without weeks.  But in the beginning,
you should first practice Vicks a little, then I will
tell you further how to do it.
From what perspective is it seen?  Okay now, now that
you have understood these basics,
if we go to understand the market then
how can the market move?
Let Me Open the Chart Just Now.
We just went here and closed the market.
Ok?  Hopefully it goes up
tomorrow on a Monday.  But let's see the price
here.  Now how can the price move from here
?  Either it will go up
or it will go down or
it will go sideways.  Apart from these three, there is
no fourth dimension for the price to go up.  There are
three ways the price can move.
Either it will go up.  Up means
continuation.
Ok?  Just remember this word.
Continuation.  The other one will fall down.  That means it will be
reversed.  Because right now it is going up.  So it's going up right now.
So first
thing it will continue.  What
is the possibility of the second thing?  It will reverse.
And the third
thing is it will be flat or
sideways.  There is no fourth dimension other than these three.
Well, now that you know
that there are only three dimensions,
what is your work?  As a trader, all you have to do is find out
where the price will go in continuation.
Where will it go into reversal state and where will it go
sideways.
Ok?  Be patient.  Whose has just arrived?   Do
n't teach about liquidity.  Be patient.  I am
sitting here to teach.  Isn't it?   Be
patient.  I cannot teach everything in one day.
We have to go step by step.  Ok
?  All right.  So, you got the point?
Continuation, Reversal and Sideways.  I hope
this point is clear?  Three Directions Are There
for the Market.  Is that clear?
Got it, right?  perfect.  So what is your job now
?  As a trader, you have to identify this,
read it well enough to understand whether
this price should continue from here
, reverse or go sideways.
And how can we do that?  By
reading the same candlestick.
We cannot say what the next candlestick will be.  But how was the previous candle
formed?  By looking at it we
can definitely plan that if this thing has happened
then it is showing us more possibility of this thing.
As I told earlier that
if a dominance candle is formed then the next
possibility is that it will continue and go
down.   Have the
dots been linked or not?  The dots were linked.
Trap Ape is not a candle.  Where are you getting involved with trap
apps
?  I am telling you simple things.  You will unnecessarily
confuse yourself like this.
Got it?  There is nothing trap up.  Remove everything.
Trap focus now.  Keep things simple.
This point is clear, right?  Continuation,
reversal or sideways.  Ok?  Now
how will we understand this?  What kind of behavior do we have
?  It is very simple.
Look at this is called dominance candle.
Dominance.
So the world knows.  But another thing, to
understand it point to point, you call it a
continuation candle, when such a
candle is formed, it means that there are more
chances of the price continuing in the same direction.
Got
it?  Did you understand this point?
Dominance is like continuation candle
dominance candle with a good body yes yes
with good sorry with good body ok now
second candle
reversal now
how to reversal if the price goes up and continues then it will go by
forming dominance dominance candle.
If the top is formed from the lates or
somewhere else, I don't know exactly where the top will be formed,
but if the
price goes to any place, let's say it forms a candle like this, then
what is it showing us now,
reversal,
okay, it is called a rejection candle or
rejection from everybody, you call it a
reversal candle, okay,
if it is formed at the top, then it is a reversal candle,
if the price is falling down and it is
formed at the bottom, then it is the same reversal candle.  But
if this candle is formed somewhere in the middle.
Suppose the price is going up like this.
Then it came down a little and after coming down here, it
again became a candle like this.
So brother, what is this candle ultimately showing you
?  Rejection from a particular place is showing.
Ok?  Because how does this candle form
?  Let me find it.  It is still
standing right here in front.  Ok?  Because of this candle
I am expecting that the market will remain flat as you know
here also.  And it
is made here also.  Now what about this, let's
build it near the support.  Nice as a rocket.
This candle here easily gave the target around 1:3.
It is built in the middle.
Core Confirmation of Candle Ah
What is the core analysis of a candle?  How is this candle made
?  This price has opened here.
From here the price went down.
Ok?  I because the
candle is not made before our eyes.  We cannot say that this is what
specifically happened.  So I will
tell you two scenarios.
In both scenarios, you tell me what you feel.
Here buyers are in
control or sellers are in control.  Ok
?  Meaning, control edge,
which of these two is aggressive?  The one who is
aggressive drives the price.
So is the buyer aggressive or
is the seller aggressive?  Ok?  We cannot just say buyer and seller because actually there is
not just buyer and seller.  If there is a buyer then there is
bound to be a seller and if there is a seller then there is
bound to be a buyer.  Deciding which of the two
is aggressive.  Ok?
Now the first scenario, scenario
one price opened at this point because we can
see the buy starting from there.
Now listen, I am telling you two scenarios first.
Go Price went down here first.   If he goes
down, who will take him down?
Aggressive sellers will drive the take price down.
Then from here the price came back up
and after coming up the price
went above the open and closed it here.
What is this scenario showing you?
Who is in control or who is aggressive
bearers.  Correct.  Buyer on Buyers Aggressive.
Good second scenario because it is
not created in front of the eyes.  What could be the other possibility
?   The
candle opened here.  Price went up first.
Price went up first.  It is possible that
the price went up first, then who took the
price up?
Bearers.  Aggressive buyers.  But then
came the sellers.  The sellers took the price down completely
but then the buyers came and
took the price up and closed it here.  Now
who looks aggressive in this scenario
?  In the second scenario,
buyers can choose both scenarios because it can be
any one of the two scenarios
in the live market.  Akshay,
text him, they will tell you in the app chat
how to join from the laptop, okay, now
focus here,
what are you seeing in both the scenarios, bears
are aggressive, has there been any
profit,
okay, is this
not a rejection candle, this is
also like a rejection because the price first
continued down and then
finally closed up, but the close
closing has
not happened with much strength.  It would have been better if the price had closed here.
It is failed and that too is a rejection candle.
Similarly, what is this candle showing us here
?  Bearers are in
control.  Correct.  Here also the last
closing is showing an
aggressive candle from the buyer.  But the move has already arrived from here.
What is Likely?  What
is more likely to happen?  That this will continue and the
market should open gap up.  There has to be some
gap up opening.  Ok?
We will see the market on Monday.  Yes, the possibility
for the entire market is that the market will
open gap up tomorrow on Monday.  But if it was at
the bottom, this rejection candle would have been better.
If a rejection candle is forming somewhere in the middle, we
can call it A,
meaning either the price will come up a little and then
come down.  This is what is called retest.  Further
you will understand what retest is.  But right now
we are considering it a candle.  So, have
you learnt to read the candlesticks, whether its
behaviour is in a reversal
state, continuation or will we
see confusion in the future?  Now what is
confusion?
In a confusion candle, it can happen like this
, it can happen like this.
In a confusion candle, you will see wicks on both the buyer and seller sides.
Meaning, you will see a fight
where your seller has also tried and the
buyer has also tried.  The
candle has closed somewhere in the middle.  So in the middle,
one person wins a little bit.  If it
turns green, it means the buyer has won and if it turns red, it
means the seller has won.  How will you recognize it
properly?  The body of a confusion candle will be
around 20%.   There should be
approximately the same wicks on both sides.
If there are wicks of the same size and length on both sides, then it
means that it is a
confusion candle.  Ok?  Now let us
see the example inside the confusion
and after that the market is
sideways, this is a confusion candle, now
if you have to short in this, you will
not take the trade, the price has gone up
while it is still red, what is it showing, it
should go down, so the confusion candle is
not anyone's relative, okay, it is better to
avoid the confusion candle,
okay?  Now look
what is happening here right now?  Every time the
market is going up by showing confusion.  If Butt and Bun are red
candles then don't trade confusion
candle.  Confusion candle.  Confusion candle.
Confusion candles are where the body is small and there are
wicks on both sides.  If in a candle then that will be
as confusion candle.  Now
you simply avoid confusion candles.
Leave confusion candles wherever you see them.
Ignore, only when a particular candle is formed will we
take a trade else we will not touch.
Ok?  Because confusion is like
confusion, he will confuse you.  So don't go into that.
Ok?  Ten Color Matters for
Rejection.  Yes, the color does matter in the rejection or reversal
candle that you are seeing.
Like here this is a green colored
candle.  Ok?  If there is a raid,
in which case will it be a raid?  When the bear candle is about to close
because what is it now?
What time frame have we set?  5 minutes.  So
this means that this candle has closed in 5 minutes.  This is the
price behavior of 5 minutes.  So,
if within 5 minutes, at the
time of closing of the candle, the bears cool down
and are unable to remain aggressive, then it is possible that the
candle may close in red.  So
what this means is that the matter has become a little
skeptical now.  Although that reversal is still there.  Even
if it was red, it would still be a reversal
candle, but because it is red and you are going to buy, let us
assume that
if its accuracy is, for example,
80%, then only 70-60% is left.
Ok?  This is the first thing.  The second
thing and what else do you have to look at in a candle is
how will you identify it or not, yes this candle
stick is very good, this candle stick is very
bad,
ranges,
okay, right now what are ranges, this is the
last topic, after that everything is liquidity, I am
saying liquidity, we will understand blunt candle tomorrow,
okay, else that will
confuse you more,
see the meaning of ranges, every candle is measured with a scale.
We will measure this candle.
This candle is of 26 points.   If we include the
week above 25.80, then
this is a candle of 26 points.  This is a dominance candle.
Continuation One.  Ok?  And if
we measure this candle or
measure this candle.
This one.
This is a 15 point candle.  Are both
dominance candles or not?  Tell
me.  We both are dominance candles, right?  But
one is worth 26 points and the other is worth 15 points.
Both are dominance candles.
Which one do you think is stronger
?  The Big
One.  Correct?  So whichever candle is formed, whether it is a
dominance candle or a rejection
candle, the
range matters a lot.  Now let me look
for another example, it will
definitely be there somewhere.  Let me tell you right here.  It
is just below.  Let us take an example.
Suppose this rejection candle that you are seeing,
if I cut this much length from here.
Now tell me, is there still rejection or not
?  Is this still a rejection candle or not
?  There is a rejection candle.  No, it's not
confusion.  In confusion, both the candles and both
the wicks have to be
equal.  This upper wick, the
upper wick and the lower wick have to be almost
identical.
Ok?  So it has been tried above as well as below.
But the upper candle in this is very very weak and very
small.  But this week it
shows that the price has come down and
then it has been reversed, it has been rejected.
Ok?  The butt and color is also green.  The color
is also green.  Can we say this
is a very good rejection?  We can say it is a very good rejection.
Not there.  Very good rejections.  Why
not?  Because the
way the price has come falling, it has formed this candle along with the other candles.
We don't know what was going to happen next.  It's done now.  very good.
Everything looks very good.  But when
we are in the live market, we will not know whether it will go
exactly or not.
How can we be more sure
?  The better we
observe and read the candlesticks.
The more we will be convinced to
enter into that particular trade.  For example,
if this candle had formed like this, then my
conviction on this particular rejection is
not necessary that the market will
not go at all.  May go.
After making this much, I can go.  But I would
prefer not to enter that particular trade.
Because I have so many data points that my
analysis is saying that the remaining
candles are made in this particular range.  It should have been
made at least of this range.
Meaning, the candle that was made earlier, let
me clear all this.
At least it should have been made of this range.
Meaning, because the past candles,
this one and this one, should have
covered at least this much range.  But if there is not that much range then that is a
low probability candle.  It will
not work very well.
So not only this, along with the color in the candle,
dominance in the candle is also
towards the primary color but the range
matters a lot.  Ok?  That is the first
thing.
Well, let us understand how to plan a trade in this.
Ok?  When We See a Rejection Candle.  Ok
?
So there are two options to enter into candlestick.
I will tell you this tomorrow.  Ok?  I
will tell you this tomorrow, for now.  There is one homework.   Let me
tell you that first.  Then
I will take your doubts.  Your homework is to get
50 dominance candles,
okay?   Let's
look at 50 rejection candles and 50 confusion candles.   There
is no sense of confusion candle.
But you should be good at spotting.
And these candles that you will find,
take a screenshot and save it with you or
take it to your drive.  Create a folder in the drive.
Ok?  Create a folder in Google Drive
named Homework.  In that, create a big
first folder with the name Homework and
inside Homework create three folders.
Rejection, Confusion and Dominance.
Fill all the dominance screenshots in the dominance one.
Fill in all the rejection screenshots and upload them and create
confusion in the confusion section.  Just keep it with you.  I get it
when you ask for it.  Ok?
This is your homework.  And you have to do this.  Did you
understand this point?  Minimum range
of dominance candle.  There is no minimum
range.  Aditya, you did not
understand the concept.  Range minimum maximum
is nothing.  We have to plan by looking at the previous candlestick.
Right now the previous candlesticks have
formed small, so it is obvious that we have to
see how the next candlestick is forming in comparison to the previous one.   There is no
specific number that it should be this
big.  Every five should be at least 25 points.  There should be
15 points.
How are candles being made in the past?
How is the current candle made in comparison to that?
Ok?  All right?  Well, there is one thing which is
dominance and rejection candle,
you guys will find it now in just 5 minutes time
frame.  Do it in 5 minutes only.  Ok?
And searching in current charts.  Like current
Nifty, current Bank Nifty, current Gold,
current Bitcoin, current Ethereum all these.
Ok?  Ok?  I will write it also.  You
can use this ah you can use NFT 50, you can
use bank NFT, you can use gold x a u
u sd go and type the chart
in this trading view will come.  You can
definitely use BTC US DTT otherwise
you will not see good candles in it.  Ok?
And
apart from this, the method I told you to
check the stocks, if you don't find the stocks of Nifty 50 in it, you will find it, though this
is enough, but if you don't find it, then
check the stocks of top 10 companies of Nifty 50 in 5 minutes, okay, just do it
in 5 minutes only and take a screenshot
and have it with you, its variant, okay,
now I will not be able to check everyone's homework late, there are
two people, okay, Person A, Person
B,
Person A has done the homework.
Person B said, okay, he has come.
This is what we will do.  How does it matter?   If
not today, we will do it later.  And then he
remained.  So make sure that this person A will
outperform B when it comes to live market trading.
Ok?  Why?  Because trading is a type
of skill.
And how will this skill be developed?   The
more time you devote to chart time,
the better your skills will
develop.  So ultimately
I have given you this task.  But when you go and
open the chart, indirectly you are
spending time on the chart.  If you shuffle,
you'll see that you're doing the same thing over and over again.
Half the things become clear like this.  Ok
?  So everyone has to do their homework.  Any idea
how do you manage right now?  I know.
Everybody is only on their respective jobs and everyone has their own.
But there is no shortcut to this.
Meaning, if you will ask me for some
option through which our homework can be done.  No
shortcuts, you have to do it.  Any how okay this is the
thing.  Just type your question.  What
happen?  If Nifty week candle is green
dominant then it seems that bears are
strong and are already on the upside.  Yes, there are
chances of going up.  Done correct.  Ok
?  I told you this in class, right?
Like for example,
an I I taut in this, on which side was it?  Rejection
candle of Bank Nifty
?  Hey, I mean, was the bank in Nifty
or was it in Nifi?  On a weekly time frame?
Look everyone,
we will see this and after that we will
also see how the next week will be.
[MUSIC]
Look, what candle is this?  Everybody Tell Me.   I have been
trading for 2 years.  There was
no improvement.  It is not becoming profitable.
Jayesh, first focus on what I am telling you.  Keep moving
in each flow.   Let the
class go on till the end.  We will
talk after that.  Ok?  Right now I am pretty
sure you will not have that much full knowledge
that you can focus on yourself exactly
where I am making mistakes.  Ok
?  Now if I ask you to
tell me the data of 100 dates that you have.  Will not done.
Data of last 100 days.  So don't worry.  Things
will come up.  Look at it like I have
started doing something.  So
I will spend 30-40 days.  I and Reach
Understand Each and Everything.
Forget everything that is in my mind from the past.
However, your past practice and the
time you have spent in the market will still be
helpful to you.  Because
experience never goes waste.  Ok
?  But for now
you are forgetting it and starting again.  Let's accept this.
Ok?  And focus on each and everything
in every detail.  Okay, this looks like a rejection, right? It is a
strong rejection. Where
should one go to the buy side? Should one go to the sell side? What do you think?
Forget the next candle
because you never know what is going to happen in the live market. It is
possible that the price may
go up from here. So do not look at this,
ignore this red, apply common sense.
Where will the buy sell sale come from?
Vantika, I mean, if it is seen now, then there will be a sell.
Wow, yes Avantika, how will there be a sell
because the next candle has already formed red.
Suppose this had not formed red, then
apply common sense, it will go to the buy side.
I will also say the same, it will go to the buy side.
Okay, now you do not know this concept right now, you will
learn later, but it is very easy to understand.
I will tell you the rest like this. Then we will
understand in the main class. This particular area is
a strong rejection area.
And I have a strategy, it is a very good
strategy. It is called the third rule
strategy. It works in an amazing way. That is the first rejection, second rejection
, third
rejection, that is the second logic.  Will
learn further.  But this is a resistance.
What is good resistance?  Whenever the price
comes near the resistance, its
basic behavior according to price action is that the
price should fall.   It
broke the resistance and went above it.   Let's assume that something wonderful happened.
But the
basic nature of resistance is to
fall.  This point stuck
in my mind.  Have you got it?  The
basic nature of this thing resistance is to fall.  Now if I bring
you to a place from where the
price is likely to go down.  And if I
tell you to say bye here, then you will say bye.
What am I trying to do to you
?  What am I trying to do?
Who said that just now?  Trap
candle?  Who told us?  I think who was there
?  Teeja Was There?  Who was there?
Who said trap candle?  Arshad.  Arshad, did you understand
now?  So ultimately if I
look at you near the resistance the resistance would have been broken.  Let's
take this candle as another possibility.  Suppose this
rejection candle is formed here in such a way
that after breaking all the above, the
rejection gold has happened near the new all time high.
So the resistance has been broken.  Now the
price seems likely to go up.
But it is not broken.  Now
I am coming near the resistance and saying, hey say bye, say bye, say bye.
Where is the logic going
Trap.  So now the trap can be done in two ways.
Either you have understood that
it is a trap or not, then either avoid the trap and do not do
anything, when you have come to know that it is a trap then
sit quietly, whatever happens will be seen,
no further trade, secondly, when you have come to know
that it is a trap then take a little less risk
because it is a trap, maybe their trap may not work
well, but because it is
visible that it is a trap, take a little less risk and take a
small trade, a small
trade, both make sense, the first sense is that we should avoid, if we
know that it is a trap then
why enter into it unnecessarily, isn't it
?  Got it.  You got the point?
Well, now this week is over.
Which is this candle that
is red right now?
Dominance Candle
Continuation.  What are you
expecting
from the market next week?  Fall yes.
And I am also expecting the same.
Maybe the market also opens gap up on Monday.  It may go
a little upwards but it should be done
downwards only.  Ok?  Gap up does
n't make sense.  Even if the gap up opened on Monday,
whenever you sit and
look at the candle.  Well, there was another homework.  I forgot to tell you.  It has just been
added.  I remembered Gap Apsap.
You have to work this one hour for 1
hour.  Apart from the one
homework.  All you have to do is
place candlesticks on a 5 minute time frame and if you do
n't get time during the day, sit in the evening and place
BTC
USDT and just sit for
one hour and watch the candlesticks being formed in the live market,
observe each and every movement of the candlesticks,
just don't do anything, don't use your
brain, just sit and watch, even if you know the
candlesticks, you have to watch and write them.
Ok?  Got it.  Good.  So because of that, when
you see it, you will understand that whenever
such a dominance candle is formed.
Ok?  So if the next candle changes and the
next candle has to go down further, then
first it goes up a little and fills liquidity and
then it goes down further.  You will
see this when you
sit and watch it for one hour, not one in one hour, but in total one hour time.  The
time frame should be 5 minutes.  5
minutes time frame.  Ok?  This means that you will
sit and watch these short 60 candles
forming in front of your eyes and observe them.  So
because of that, the market may
open up a little bit.  A movement of 200-300 points can be
seen on Monday.  But from there the
price should continue.  Well, is this a
strong support?   I did
not tell you about support, I taught you but I am
telling you for common sense.  Ok?   To
understand because you have time tomorrow
, you have time the day after tomorrow.  You won't be able to understand even a little.
Ok?  OK boss.  I'm getting the
idea.  If there is support, then tell me this now
near the support if you are asked to do aggressive sales.  Will
you sell
aggressively?  You will not do aggressive sales.
Can sell.  Suppose from here we start selling and it will
fall a little further.  700
points and right down to the bottom.  Yes, if he
breaks it then it's
over.  If this candle had been made a little smaller,
say till here, it would have been fun.
Then you would have known that boss, this has
become a dominance candle.
Price has room from here to here right now.  We
Call It Room.  So the price can go down significantly.
Now the market may fall down.
To fall, he can make a candle from here.  It can
come straight down like this.  Reach ₹00
in a day.  But logically we have a very
good support here on weekly time frame.
So the market doesn't have much room to go down either.
So it would be foolish to do aggressive selling also.  Isn't it
?  If he breaks it then it is a different matter.
Got it?  Make sense?  Got the point, right?  So
what should we do at this time?  At such times, if
our risk is not worth the reward, then we should
not take the trade.  But the possibility is that
if the
market opens gap up and after the gap up opens,
if I get some short entry somewhere, you know if the market has
covered the range, then okay, then I will go
for short, if the market opens gap down
somewhere here and after the gap down opens,
if I get a long entry, then
I would prefer to go long first rather than
going short and I am able to analyze all this
just by looking at the candlesticks and nothing else.
n't seen anything yet after going inside.  Where is the support, where is the
resistance, this is there, that is there.  I didn't
see anything.  Just on the basis of this candlestick, on the
weekly basis, I have used my
brain so much that if the market
opens gap down, then I will prefer to enter long
or will either wait or will
just look for long entry.  If
the market opens gap up then I would
prefer for a short entry.  Ok?  That's
it.  It must have become clear.  Now do your
exercise.  You have a good amount.  Yes, are
you trying to say that if green dominance
on the big time frame then it seems that the
bears have been strong for so long.
We're not that cool.  If a
green dominance candle is formed, do
not compare it with the lower time frame.  That
green dominance candle has formed, look
what this green dominance is showing you is that
even after last week's ups and downs, the
market has become aggressive on the bullish side, so
next week only on the basis of this candle we
should plan for a
long right now index windex analysis don't
think anything relax we have not gone into analysis yet
your job is just to
observe the candlestick go
slow how to calculate risk reward right now
I will understand that later in phase three,
first master price
before making your first money you have to focus that the
price should move according to me, that means it will
not move according to you, you should know how to
catch the price, be
able to follow the price because it is
turning from here so I can go for
a short it is continuing from here so I
can go for a long
okay?  So just focus on candlestick and
candlestick this homework is very important to do.
Well, I said 50-50 candles.  If
any of you takes out time and does 100-100, it would be
even better.  It is his own
benefit.  I have nothing.  Ok?  It's
your benefit.  If we have some time, we have 2
days, if you can spend like more
time, it's even better.  Ok?  Gap up and
gap down means Robin when the
market closes.  Now will
the market remain closed for two days?  And when there is
some big move in the market the next day, for
example, suppose the market sometimes closes at ₹100.  Let's take an
example here.  Suppose it
closes at 50,700, then the market may
open directly at 51,000.  So the 300 point
gap went up by about 200 points.
Ok?  Your homework is Rejection Candle,
Dominance Candle, Confusion Candle.
You have to take 50 screenshots of these of each 5
minutes time frame pair which BTC
USD
USDT Nifty 50 you can use Bank Nifty you can use Bank
Nifty you will have to type the
complete and a x a u USD this you can
use it
is okay but if you do 10000 then it is even
better than this when for 1 hour or right
now means Saturday 1 hour Sunday 1 hour
two a day one hour daily sitting and
just observing the candlesticks if you
learn to do this observation we will
see a little bit live also but if you make this observation then
you will be able to understand the things that I will say in the class that
he went to gobble up the liquidity this happened that happened otherwise
then it will not make any sense
okay?  Let's apply it for 5 minutes
and look at the chart.
Look now the price is going up.  Ok
?  There is no wick at the bottom.  There
is no shadow.  Let's see how this goes.
You will also realize that another thing is that when you will see this,
you will also realize
momentum that sometimes the momentum is such
that the market is just going up, going up, going up
and sometimes it will happen that the
market suddenly goes up and
then suddenly goes down.  Then suddenly it comes up
at the end.  So that thing will also
help you to understand the strength of the
candle.
Ok?  If the body from the
side.  This is a rejection
candle.  Now I will tell you when to start.
Just keep doing what I am saying now.
Don't be impatient.
Whatever you say, just
follow and have patience.
Okay, let's observe. Two more minutes are left.
Right, okay,
one 2 minutes, 2 minutes more will see by the
end. Okay, BTC USDT
not p, no, BTC USDT, you will see it's written here.
No, BTC USDT not a, you
can also do p, sorry, sorry, you are right. If you do it, it's
even better. A
facial contract. Okay, what's happening
in the last minute? All of
us reverse. Let's see, let's see. Still,
1 minute left. And don't make any conclusions until the candle closes. Did
n't it rise or fall?
Only after the close can we say,
no, okay, who was strong in the last
five minutes? What happened, actually, close now? Was there a weakness in it?
No, it was a bluish candle. Well, remove that
bluish candle. Whenever the price has to make a
healthy move like this, it is likely
to gag the liquidity if it wants to
continue.
Okay,  Alright that was it or it is a
rejection candle technically
but the price should fall but the green color remains an up candle.  It is a
little risky.  If I were to
trade this, I would prefer to place my stop loss here
rather than here.
Ok?  Because the candle is green and it is
not forming a top either.
If this candle had formed at the top,
then we would have placed the stop loss directly at its high.  But
this candle remains green.  First of all, the
closing has been green.  It would have been
better if it was red.  If the closing is green then I am a
little skeptical but to
go a little further I will put my stop loss here
and I will calculate my reward on that basis,
okay, well it will be a matter for later, you have to
practice, okay,
start from
10:00 pm, yes we will be there, don't worry, okay, all right, come on, there is
no class on Saturday and Sunday,
you have to practice, okay, all right.
