Hello everyone, my name is Khan and you are watching
 
chapter number three of Logic Trading.
In this chapter we will talk
about liquidity.  What
is liquidity and how many types of liquidity are there
and how can we spot them on the
chart.  So in this chapter we will
learn all about liquidity.
So the first main topic is
what is liquidity?  Liquidity
means when buying or
selling happens at a certain point, what happens when buy stop and sell stop
come at a certain point
?  The manipulation that happens is that by collecting those orders, the
market goes up.
Liquidity basically acts as a fuel for the
market to move up or down
from the top.  You
can understand liquidity in this way.  Liquidity
acts like oxygen in the stock market, in the
crypto market, in the forex market.
It works equally in every market.
Without liquidity, there will be neither
upward momentum nor downward
momentum in the market.  When there is a lot of
buying or selling at a price, be it
on the basis of a trend line or
on the basis of an indicator or on the basis of a pattern,
when buying or selling happens there, the
number of orders is
maximum there and the
big institutional ones,
after going there, fill their prices there
because their orders are
so big that they
cannot be filled randomly anywhere else.  So they need
a point where there is maximum number of buying
or selling, they will take the market there
and from there the actual
buying or selling will happen, only then a momentum is seen in the market, either
upwards or downwards.  Let us
understand this a little better.  After that, the question arises as to
how many types of liquidity you have.
Your liquidity is of two types.
One external equity and one internal
equity.  If we talk about external equity
,
this external equity is above your major swing highs and lows.  The
high and low of your previous day's candle can be your
liquidity.  This is
called external equity.  And for your sessions,
your Asian session, London session,
New York session, for those who trade in Forex, the
liquidity that you have on the basis of your session is
called external equity.
You can understand the meaning of external as the external
liquidity which is being created at one point.   It is being
formed in a large zone and the
liquidity available outside it is
called external equity.  If you look on the right side, there
is internal liquidity.
What is internal equity?  The external
liquidity that has been created between you and them, the
minor liquidity that will be created between them, is called
internal liquidity.  For example, if anything is being created between your major high
and low
in the short term, then we will call it
internal liquidity.  Something is being formed between your previous day's high
and your previous day's low.
Liquidity is being created in some lower time frames, it will be called internal liquidity.  The
third is that of sessions.  Now the
liquidity that is created between sessions can be
of different types.  How many types of these will
you see in the form?  There are
many different variations of this.  This can be
many different types of
liquidity.  But you have to focus on
some major types of liquidity.
Whatever is used the most
for trading, you will
get maximum liquidity there.  The most commonly used
is support and resistance,
also known as SAR liquidity.  The second is
trend line liquidity.  The trend line is
your most used tool.  Where
after the break of the trend line, the
trend is identified that the
market is bearish.  Now it will go bullish or
is bullish and will go bearish.
What happens in the market?  The trend line breaks.
What is Butt Market?  It goes against.
What is it with?  There are a lot of stop
losses and a lot of breakout fakeouts.
And this is how
your breakout and fakeout
liquidity is created.  Where at any certain level,
whether it is your trend line break or any
zone break, that is your breakout and
then the market converts it
into a fake out.  This is the second type of liquidity
and after that comes smart
money liquidity.  Those smart money
traders are buying or selling.  Where
buying or selling is taking place without any inducement
, it is called your
smart money trap.  Or you can call it
smart money liquidity or your break of
structure or change of character without
any inducement, without any demand supply,
marking it as break of structure
or considering it as change of character, that also
comes under your smart money liquidity.
Induction As explained
in Part Three, the market will break out of
structure.  Now what
is induction?  Induction occurs when the market
breaks out of structure or changes
character.  After that, the first
internal high and low, as we
explained in Part 3,
acts as our inducement.  That is
a type of liquidity in itself.
And the last is your engineer
liquidity or you can call it extreme
liquidity, which is the high before your extreme order
block, it is
called extreme liquidity.
Engineering liquidity and we will
explain it on the chart now.  Then you will
understand better
how to actually spot it and
where your external equity is and where
your internal equity is.  First of all, let us talk about
external equity.  Now in this case,
if you see, the market was bullish, the
market continued the break of structure
and after that, finally the market
changed its character.  So
where is your external equity in this?
External equity means that wherever
your major is high or low, if there is a break
then it is counted in external equity.
As if the market is
bullish on you.  Right?  If the market is bullish,
you may see a short-term pullback.
Why do you get it?  Because the
market breaks your major high
which is here and after that all the
stop losses above it are
collected and
what is the market after it is filled?  Reverses downwards.
It needs more fuel which it
gets there in the lower time frame and then the
market continues it again.  So the
main thing is your external equity which is
your major high, which here we will
call it external equity and this is the major low and all the
stop
losses above this are here because after the break of
structure, there is a pullback in the market
and it may
come for the short term or for your reversal.  So
what does the market do?  We have to sell your major high
only after it breaks.
Or when a major low is broken,
you can buy it for the short term after the break.  But what happens if your
trend is bullish and your major low breaks
?  A major bullish
move can also be seen and what happens at the same time is
that if your market
is bearish and your major previous high is broken
then a bearish downfall can
also be seen in the market.  It depends on the
structure.  But all you have to keep in mind is
that when your major high is broken,
then you have to
look for the sell opportunity there for the short term and when your
low is broken, then you have to
look for the buy opportunity.  The market is continuing your break
of structure.  Now
whatever break is happening,
what is it to us?  External liquidity above this
because this is your major high low.  The market
broke down and all this liquidity disappeared.  The
market came down again.  Here the
liquidity gap market came down because the
market is bullish so it will
come down for the short term.  If the market was bearish
and broke the previous high,
we would have seen a huge downfall, which
we will learn now. Our liquidity of the high and low of daily candles, which is
counted as external liquidity, will be
understood later.  Now
take your major, this is the break here.  Now when the major low is
broken, then after that you have to
look for buying opportunity for short
term because your market has
shifted from bearish to bullish.  Right, so
what is there here?  This is your liquidity loss
and after this liquidity loss the
market went up and why does the market go up
?  To collect fuel because the
market now needs more
liquidity to go down.  The market has stolen
all your liquidity here
and what is there in the market after that?   The
downfall is coming.  Again, if
you identify
where your external liquidity is, then your
major low and high will be
counted in your external equity, which is your low here,
so what is this for you?  External
liquidity is and what is your high?  This
is also external liquidity.  So
after taking it in the market, you will
get buying opportunity for short term.  Right?  And
this is also your liquidity that the
major highs and lows
work as liquidity.  So our
major highs and lows are
counted as external liquidity.
And let us see now how to mark it in the daily candles.
This is your daily
chart.  GBP USD chart.
And after that we will also take the chart of Bank Nifty to
understand the example.  In this,
if you look at the daily candlestick, from top to
bottom or from bottom to top, the
same scenario will be there in every situation.
If the major trend of the market
is bearish, then how
can we identify it,
if the market is bullish then
how can we identify our external equity,
in this case the momentum of the market is bearish, then
how will we identify where
your external equity has disappeared
and how
can we take advantage of it.  If we talk from the top
, first of all we start
with a pullback, why this pullback of yours became
possible here and what could have been
expected here.  When the market
is bullish, whenever you have a low sweep, the
low sweep of the previous day's candle,
it will act as an external equity
and what happens after that?
You will see a pullback in the market upwards.  If the
market sweeps your major high
candle high from above, you will
see a downfall as the external liquidity of the previous day
disappears.
If you look from here,
where has your major low been swept for the first time
?  Sweep has happened here
because your break of structure has happened here.
Right?  For example,
because Major Low was yours.  It broke.
Technically this break of structure is
not there here.  Your technical break of structure is
here.  But
your loan got broken here.   The
lower low that was formed in your recent structure was
here.  So this
break happened here.  Now look, your break happened and the
candle swept it.  Now what
happened?  This is your external liquidity missing.
Right?  In a higher time frame.  And
after that, if you notice
where is the low of the candlestick?  He is
correct here.  Now take this candlestick, this candle has gone
missing.  This means that the liquidity in your larger time frame has
disappeared.  External
equity plus the candlestick's low of the previous day
's candle is also your external
liquidity.  Right?  So
what happens to you here?  You will get a buying opportunity
for short term.  Because the market is
your bearish.  Right?  So, how the market
takes it, what happens to us?  Next day,
wherever this market price is,
it will close here.  So
this zone will work as your demand zone
and from here we will get buying
opportunity and if the market
sweeps high then you will see a downfall for a long term and not for a short
term.
Why?  Because your major market is
not bullish.  It is rainy.  Right?  Now
as you will notice here, this
candle of your previous day has
swept this high.  Now
what happens after this high sweep of yours?
After this sweep,
you do not have to take entry on this candle.  But your
external liquidity, which is technically yours, has
disappeared.  So your
entry will be made on the next candle that opens.
This
candle is closed here.  So the
next entry will be made from here to here.
Why?  Because your
major previous day's high has been broken.
Sweep has been done and closing has been done below
which
will work as an external equity and after that you
can sell it here.  The market then took a downward turn.
What happened to the market after it swept the previous candle and the previous day's low
?  What do you have here?
Buying is to be seen for the short term.  Why?  Because your
trend is bearish.  You have to
keep this in mind.  So the buying that you will get will be
for short term.  But the sale that you get will be for the
long term.  You
can hold it.  Right?  So the buying that we have got here is at
this point.  Now
as soon as it swept from here, the next day candle
opened and the momentum you got was
from here till here.  Right?  Now this is
for the short term because your major
trend is bearish.  What did the Again Market do
?  After reaching the previous day's high, you
closed downwards
and after that, whatever entry you make,
you will see a move from here to here.
This is of daily time frame.  But
when you go to the lower time frame,
you will see a huge move.
By 1 minute or 5 minutes.  If you
count the pips, then from here till here
you will see that there are 120 pips which is a lot of pips
and you do not even need so many pips.
30-4 pips is a lot as a
day trader.  Then what happened the next day?   The
market slipped the previous day.
Now as soon as we swipe the previous day,
we do not have to enter here.
When do you have to take entry?  When this
external equity of yours gets swept
and the candle that opens the next day,
you have to take it from this bullish candle
to the high of this bearish candle at least.  Why?
Because your major trend is bearish.  Right?
And if you get a buy, you will do it for the short term.
So till here, there is a movement of 745.
But you can take entry there in the lower time frame.
Now what happened is that the
market went up and there was
no sweep of any kind here which is the
high or low of the previous day.  The market continues to go
up and
what did I do finally after that?  The market
swept here.  Now
what is there after this sweep?  You will get entry here
and where will you get entry?  This
candle of yours is closed here.
Next day yours will open here and look, it is
at least 76 but what
is the market?  Has come down to 46.  But whenever the market
sweeps the previous day's high low i.e. external equity, you will
definitely see a pullback.  Keep this thing in mind.
So this is your first sale and after that
you will see that the low of the previous day is
here.  We will not count this middle candle
because it is an inside bar.
This candle has neither broken the high nor the low of the previous day.
So the
actual high and low have been broken by this candle.
So as it sweeps it,
our entry will be made from here to
this zone.
Right?  You can call this your demand zone
because it has
absorbed external equity.  And what do you have from here
?  Buying will be available for the upside and
for the short term because your
major trend is your bearish and
what you have to do is buy for the short term
and if you find any trend for the higher time frame i.e. downside then you can
hold it.  But why is it happening here
again and again that high low sweeps are happening?
Because this price is
giving a pullback to a higher time frame structure.
So here
you are following the price action in this manner.  Like I
swept right here and swept right here.
This entry that is being made,
why is it being made for your short term?
Because a
pullback is being created here on the major time frame.  So
here in buying selling buying selling for short term.
When the price hits the
POI or order block of any higher time frame.
After that these things
work even better.  Why?
Because there you have your POY of a higher time frame,
after typing it there, your price
momentum becomes very strong
because your market is going up,
something like this, right, as soon as
your PY is typed here, which
was right here, now after typing this PY, if
you start counting, if you start
counting the external equity of the previous day, then
you will see that the results are even
more different from this one
because this was a counter trend of yours.
Right?  Now in this case, as soon as you
tap on PY here, now you will have to identify here
where the low of the previous day's high was swept
or where its high was swept.   The
market continued to move downwards.
Where did the market sweep higher first?  At this
point.  Right?  Now this was our
previous day's high as an external
equity.  The market swept it up.  Now
where will we find it after the sweep
?  Selling Opportunity.  And
where will we get selling opportunities?  After the
closing that has taken place here,
we will see a downfall in the price from here to here.  Right?  Now
what happened?  The market also swept the previous day's
low.  Now this means that
this is an indication that there will be a
short term upward pullback in the market.  The
market also took a pullback from here for the short term
and from here we will
also buy what is there.  Why?  Because look, it has been
swept from here.  Now sweep
means that the external equity
high of the daily candles has been crossed
and after it is crossed, there will be
a momentum in the market for the upside.
As soon as the market taps this, we have to
look at buying here, for the short term
we can target the previous high.  The
market went up from here, but till now there has been
no sweep of any kind here.  But the market has come down from here.
Right?  Now the market is continuing to
drop downwards from here.  You will notice that the
high of this candle was
not even swept by the previous candle, which if you actually
see, was this one.  Right?  I braked and
came down.  There has been no high sweep of any kind here,
nor
any, but what happened finally?  This was the high of the candles.  Here it was.
This break happened.
After the break, buying was found here for the short term
and then a high sweep took place.
What's wrong with you right now?
If you look at the short term here, then on this candle, the
next black candle, there
was buying here and we targeted this high,
then the high got swept and closed below it.
Then your next entry will be
made from this point till here.
Why?  Because this one has swept this previous
candle.  His
external equity is from here.  This
is yours, right?  Now what happens to you
when your external equity disappears
?  One move is seen as a
big move because your major order
is blocked, that is the tab book.  Even if the tap is not found,
we can still do buying and selling for the short term in
this manner, in which as a
day trader you will get many opportunities
in the lower time frame, which
we will learn in the upcoming entries part.  All we are
learning in this is
how to identify liquidity.   Be it
internal or your external equity.
Right?  And this is very important.
You have to watch it again and again and also practice it.
Now as soon as the market sweeps the previous day's high,
we will sell it from here.
Now after that you will see that there was no
sweep here but the market is
continuously falling.  And finally
after that the market swept it low from here.
Now after the low sweep,
you will get a buying opportunity here
which is at this point and after that
your high sweep happens here because this
middle candle is your inside war.
Now, you do
n't have to do anything with these inside bars unless the actual
previous high is broken or
its low is broken, which will
work as an external equity.  You will have to follow these things
in your major trend and
in your previous day's candle high low and even if it is
your weekly candle, the same
things will apply in that too.
As soon as the market sweeps it, you will sell it here
and then the next day it is swept, you will
sell it here and in this way
you will see continuation and this
picture of yours will continue like this.  There will be a low
sweep, there will be an external
equity sweep of the previous day, you will
see buying opportunity in that and if there is a high sweep then
you will see selling opportunity and in
this way your price will continue to downfall and the
reason for the current price and the drop that has happened was that the
market swept the high of the previous day,
if you notice here in
this way, after this high sweep, there has been a
downfall in the market
and after that you
can take entry from here where this candle has
opened here.  You
can also take the exact same here in lower time frames.
We will learn that too in the coming chapters.  But as per the
current setup, from
here where your candle has opened till here,
you will get the
opportunity to sell.  If your low
sweep happens before that, you will get buying for short term
and then the market will come down.  So the
price behavior of the candlestick
can be read after your external equity is lost to see how it
works.  Whenever you have a break of
structure of higher time frame or lower
time frame, it will give you a pullback.  As
we learned earlier, when there is a
break of structure it gives you a
pullback.  Same things apply here.
When the previous day's high/low candle has a
high or low shape, it gives you a
pullback or a continuation.
So in this way we
can identify external equity.  Now we will
see this on the chart of Bank Nifty.  You will be
able to understand this a little better.
This thing will be very helpful for those who trade in stocks.  This
is the chart of Bank Nifty.  In the daily time frame.
In this you will see that whether your trend is
bullish or bearish, it follows the same scenario.
If your trend is bearish then
you will get buying for the short term.
If your trend is bullish then
you will get selling for the short term.
Right?  If you look at both the scenarios,
this is your selling and then
buying.  Then there was selling and then there was
buying.  So if you look at these scenarios,
how can we identify
your previous day's high and low
and how can we identify it as an external equity.  The
same process will take place
as just explained.  If we
talk about the top, which is your
candle of the previous day here, it has been swept high.
Right?  So the high sweep that has been done here.  Let
me zoom in a little and show you
this part.  As soon as it is swept,
you have to see what is the selling
opportunity here because the previous
external equity has disappeared,
now you will get selling
wherever the price will close till here, so
what happens in the market is from here
till here this zone works as a supply
correct and after that there is a
downfall in the market and after that there has been
no sweep here, neither
downwards nor high, the market continued to drop downwards, the
market broke the low,
now the low was swept, what does it mean
that the
external equity which was on the downside in the market has
disappeared and now will we
get a buying opportunity here.  From here
till here it will work as per demand.
As soon as we tap here in the market,
whenever it opens,
we will get a buying opportunity here and we
can buy it.  And here
two candles were formed after buying.  But when you
look at it in the lower time frame,
you will see a lot of movement here.  And if
you are a swing trader, a positional trader,
then you can take candlesticks of higher time frames.
Like weekly or monthly, through that
you get to see a bigger picture.
But if you are day-traded then
candlesticks of daily time frame are enough
for you.  The market processed the same.
No one swept above.  Neither did I sweep low
nor did I sweep high.  The market continues its
downward movement.
Right?  And finally after that, if you
notice, there is a subtle
sweep here.  Right?  And
what comes after that, here we have to see the
buying opportunity.  But here
you may also incur loss because the market did
not retest here again
because the trend of the market has
bent downwards for the short term.
So what happens in that case is that you
may or may not get buying for the short term.
And what will happen after that
?  Again low sweep happened.  You will
get buying opportunity here.  After that
you will see that neither sweep has been done here nor
sweep has been done here.  Finally, the
sweep happened at this point.  So after this, will
you get selling opportunity here?
Again there is a break.  But there has been no
sweep here.  This
sweep happened before that.  You will
get buying opportunity here.  This sweep happened and
after that you will get selling opportunity.  It
is very helpful as a day trader and
it works as an external equity.   The
high and low of the previous day will
act as your external equity and only
after that you will get entry in the lower time frame.
Here you will see
multiples high low shipped and Nifty
Bank Nifty Stock Forex Crypto will
work perfectly everywhere.  The same
concept will be there everywhere and
how to enter it in the lower time frame, you will learn in the
upcoming part which will be about your entry.
Now let's talk about the
session,
how the external liquidity of the session's highs and lows works
and how we can trade them.  Let us
first understand a little about how the
market grabs liquidity.
We'll see an overview in a bit.  If you
look at the market structure from the bottom, let
us talk from here where we have
considered the break of structure.  The market has
completely dropped downwards.  This is
your Asian session range.  And
what happens after that?  Whenever the market
breaks your previous high or low,
after that you see reversal or continuation.  The
same things have happened to
you here.  If you notice.  The Asian
session opened here and closed here.
Mostly we do not trade in this.  There was a
break of structure.  After the break of
structure, this is your
London session which has opened.  what happens now?
Whenever the Asian session breaks, the market
is bullish and moves upwards, so it
acts as a liquidity booster.  The
high or low of any session
acts as a liquidity indicator.  When those breaks or
sweeps happen, what happens after that?
We get to see a reversal or a continuation.
As soon as this Asian
high is reached here, you will get selling opportunity here for short term.
Possibly it can be
found here.  It can be found here.
Right?  But you did not get to see any such fall here.
And sometimes it happens that the
sessions that take place in the market
also work for your continuation.  Right?
Because it is not necessary that in every
session, which is your four sessions, the
high and low of all the sessions should be swept and after that the
market should reverse or
continue.  There will be one session which
will break or sweep your high low
and after that you will see a reversal from there
or you will actually
see a continuation.  This session that has
opened for you is your London session.  This is
its low here, high here, as soon as it was
swept, if you notice at this point
, there was a continuation in the market
in New York.  Now you can
see the reversal here in one session.  It is
not necessary that you have three or four sessions
, all four sessions will give you reversal
or continuation.  There will be one
session which will be manipulated and
after that the remaining sessions will
continue.  Next day your candle
opened and this range of your Asian session was
manipulated between this low and this high of your Asian session.
Now this has been manipulated.  After that your
London continued it and New York
also continued it.  And what
was there here?  You had a London sweep.  And after that,
your New York and
your Asian, both of them continued you.
But this London of yours was manipulated.
What happened the next day?  Your
Asian was manipulated.  And your
London and New York were continued here.
And after that, if you see it on the
third day,
what picture has emerged here?  Now if you notice here on the third day, then this
previous session of yours was your
New York session.  It was manipulated
and what was your Asian session and your
London session and your New York session.
These three sessions were continued.
Every single day there is a session to manipulate at least
and it will be yours.  Only after that
you will see reversal or continuation.  The
remaining two or three sessions will be such
that they will give you continuation.  But at least one session will be
manipulated in a day.   It is
not the case that all the sessions will be
manipulated on the same day.  If you sweep the high low London
then the market will continue for you.   Doesn't happen like this.
If London has been swept, if
London has been manipulated, then you should understand
that there will be a possibility of continuation in your New York also.
If
your Asian has been manipulated then
both your New York and London will
continue.  By doing this the scenario remains.
And let us talk about next,
if you look here on the right, your Asian session was
here.  Correct now what happened
here is move this one.  Now what
happened here?  Asian Manipulated.  Asian
manipulation was done and London
continuation was seen here and
after seeing the continuation, this reversal sign was seen here again.
This market has just closed here.
Right?  But what happens is that
you will see a reversal in at least one session.
From where you will be manipulated and
then the market will go up or down from there.
You will definitely see this for at least one session
and what happens after that, there is a
probability that there will be continuation in the market.
So these highs and lows of the sessions
work as your external equity
in terms of sessions and your major highs and lows are
your external liquidity
here and the liquidity between them, which is the
trend line,
patterns or your smart money
liquidity, is
used in your internal liquidity.  So this was your
external liquidity which consists of
high low breaks of your major structure.  So
how can you understand
where your external equity is and secondly, the
high and low of the previous day, which is your
candle, also
works as an external equity.  If they are breaks
, sweeps, then how
can we understand them by doing them.  Thirdly, your sessions, be it
Asian, London,
New York, those who work in Forex, are
manipulated.  So how
can we identify it?
How can we understand them by doing them?  So, this is all
about external equity in this chapter
and in the next chapter we will
talk about your internal equity.
Goodbye till then.  Happy
trading.
