I've been trading for 17 years and
 
honestly my favorite part of trading
isn't my own success anymore. It's
seeing the success of my trading
community. So today I'm going to be
showing you a beginner scalping strategy
that I've personally back tested 500
times. This is the exact model that many
of my community members use to pass prop
firms and trade their own accounts. The
best part, it's simple, it takes very
little time, and it only requires three
steps. In this video, I'm going to walk
you through real charts with real
examples so you can see exactly how it
works. Now, I never promise or guarantee
any trading results, but if this helps
you, smash that like button, subscribe
to the channel, watch the disclaimer,
and let's dive in.
Let me quickly show you my scalping back
test of 500 trades. Now, this isn't
proof that the strategy will work in the
future. Back testing is just a way to
see how a model performed on prior data.
But this is a model I use personally
every single day as a 17-year trading
vet. Now, let's jump into step number
one, bias. Understanding market
direction. Traders fail when they don't
recognize market direction. Now, is the
next candle going to go up or down? It's
going to go up. And the reason for that
is a simple 1-hour candle pattern I
follow before my trading session every
day. I'm looking at two candles. this
one at 7:00 a.m. and this one at 8:00
a.m. and they're going to give me my
session direction because I trade every
day from 9:30 to 11:00 a.m. Eastern on
Forex, NASDAQ, gold, everything. Now, if
I want to buy, I want to see a bullish
engulfing pattern form before my trading
session. And if I want to sell, I want
to see a bearish engulfing pattern form
before my trading session. Let's start
with some buy examples. I look at the 7
a.m. candle, the 8 a.m. candle. I get
the bullish engulfing pattern and then
price goes up. I get my bullish
engulfing pattern and price goes up
again. I get my pattern and price goes
up. I get my pattern and price pushes
up. And for my last buy example, I get
my pattern and price pushes up. This is
really easy for beginners and for
scalpers, it's fantastic because these
are hour-long candles here. We really
only need to pick up just a small amount
of this green candle in order to win the
trading position. And the same goes for
sell trades. I look at the 7 a.m.
candle, the 8 a.m. candle, I get my
pattern, price pushes down. Same exact
thing here. Same exact thing on a Forex
pair. I get my pattern, price pushes
down. And here on NASDAQ, I get my
preession pattern and then price pushes
down. Now, we still have step two and we
still have step three. So, this is going
to get a little more complicated, but
please smash that like button and let's
get into step two, range breakouts. For
step two, I'm going to show you a full
recent trade I took. Starting with step
one, I did my session analysis. Price
pushed up, it pulled back. I had my 7
a.m. candle, my 8 a.m. candle. It gave
me the bullish engulfing pattern. So,
I'm expecting price to continue up. For
the session indicator, I'm using New
York session by James Davyy. You can get
that in your indicators in Trading View.
And you could pause the video right here
and copy these settings and just make
sure you have UTC minus4 here in the
bottom right. Now, we could get into
step two. You know, I'm always trading
9:30 to 11:00 a.m. Eastern. I'm on the
5minut time frame, and I need to set up
my range. So, you can see one, two,
three candles on the 5minute. I'll turn
off the sessions. You know where we're
trading. And then I'm marking out the
top and the bottom of that range from
9:30 to 9:45. That's the first 15
minutes of the New York Stock Exchange
open. And that is my trading range for
this trading session. And you know, I'm
looking for buys. So I'm simply looking
for the price to break and close outside
of that range as my next confirmation
that I want to buy. This break of the
range tells me the buyers have some
momentum. I use an indicator for this as
well. It's called opening range with
breakouts and targets by Lux Algo. And
these are the settings that I'm using.
Time period 15 minute, 9:30 to 9:45, UTC
minus4. And again, make sure UTC minus 4
in the bottom right in your chart as
well. So once I get this break and close
outside of the range, that's done for
step two. And we're into step three. Now
step three is all about finding a point
of interest. On this trading position,
we have a level of demand off of this
candle right here. Now, it's a bigger
candle, so I drew a smaller demand zone
this time. And a level of demand is just
when you have an aggressive push like
you have right here. You get the break
of recent structure. And generally,
we're looking for fair value gaps, that
sort of thing, and then we're waiting
for a price retracement. So, you can see
here, I'm waiting for that price to come
back to my level. And that's exactly
what happens. it taps into the level of
demand and it clearly respects the
level. So, at this point, I'm ready to
get into a trading position because we
also have another bullish engulfing
pattern right here. You could see this
is a bullish engulfing pattern telling
me we have that momentum to the upside.
Yet again, my stop loss is pretty
perfect here. I like it below the range.
And for my takerit, I'm always going to
look left and see what I can find. Now,
this is a decent level right here. But
on this trading position, I actually put
it all the way up here. And the reason
for that is because we had an aggressive
level of supply. This is a supply zone
right there. And I put this around right
about there in the middle of that supply
because, you know, if price comes up to
supply, it very likely can react and
come down off of that level. So, this
gave me a riskreward of about 2.16.
Actually, I think I had that a little
bit higher there, about a 2.3. And then
I'm ready to play out the trading
position. And you can see the reaction
was fantastic. And it smashed my takerit
perfectly at 11 a.m. You know, I trade
9:30 to 11:00 a.m. Sometimes the trades
don't always finish at 11:00. They go a
little bit longer, but at that point,
I've got my takerit set, my stop-loss
set, and I can just walk off, go to the
gym. Now, I want to show you a few more
real live trade examples because once
you see this play out on the chart
multiple times, it really starts to
click. Let's look at this forex trade on
the H1 time frame. Step one, looking at
that 7 a.m. candle, that 8 a.m. candle.
That's my pattern. So, I'm expecting
price to go up in the New York session,
my trading session. For step two, I'm
always setting up my range. This was the
top of the range. This was the bottom of
the range. And then I'm always waiting
for price to break and close out the top
because I was looking for buy trades
right here. I got that break and close.
It was a pretty aggressive move. I had a
level of support that I was looking at
right here. You could see this level was
used as resistance right here. I was
expecting that to be a good level to
enter my trading position right there.
So step two is done. We had the close
out the top of the range. Step three,
we're trying to find ourselves an entry.
We also had the overlapping demand zone
right here. But let's not clutter up the
charts. So on this one, I set my limit
order right there. So as soon as price
touched that level, I'd be into my
trading position. I set my stop loss
below this level right here. I felt like
that was pretty safe, right? We had the
level of demand right there. So possibly
could have triggered that and went into
the trade. It was a little bit of an
extra safeguard. And as for my takerit
right here, if we scroll all the way
over, I did feel like this level right
here may be respected. I know that's a
big level, but that was the last level
that had a huge push down. So that's
what I used for my takerit. So for step
three, price tapped in. I got into the
trading position and then it went in my
direction and smashed my takerit right
here pretty quickly. Let's play it out a
little bit further. see what would have
happened there. Looks like it relaxed
for a little bit. So, with all of this
consolidation, at some point, if you
were watching this trade, you probably
would have exited here as well,
regardless. Now, let's do the last
example. It's a sell example. Yes, this
works on sells, too. We've got our 7
a.m. candle. We have the 8 a.m. candle.
And what does that mean? That means I'm
expecting price to go down, right? We've
got that bearish engulfing pattern.
That's step one on the H1 time frame.
Then for step two, what am I doing? I'm
setting up my range, right? 9:30 to
9:45. New York Stock Exchange open. We
get the top of the range. We get the
bottom of the range. I already know the
direction I'm looking for. Step one told
me that I'm looking for sell trades. So,
I'm looking for the price to break out
the bottom of that range. You can see I
broke out the bottom of the range right
there. That was a pretty nice move. This
created a level of supply. I was looking
at this supply level right here, but I
was also looking at the bottom of the
range entry, the classic break and
retest entry. This is one of the main
orb entry models that I use in my
trading, especially when step one was so
clear. So, step two is already complete.
We got the break and close out the
bottom. That's the second confirmation
that I'm looking for sell trades. Then,
I'm waiting for that retrace. You could
see right there, I retraced and I didn't
get into the trade. And then I thought
to myself, maybe I should have got into
the trade position right here. I
remember when I was trading this, that's
when I decided to get rid of the supply
zone and I set my entry right there. I
put my stop loss above this recent wick
to be safe. And then for my takerit, I
actually just watched this trade
manually. So, we can see here, I tapped
into the position right there perfectly.
Shot down immediately. Man, we used to
do that on stream all the time. I've got
to start streaming again. I know. I'll
be back one of these days. Now, I set
break even. Okay, once we got to about
this level right here, I set break even
and we almost hit it, right? That wick
up right there. Almost hit it, but I was
able to push this thing all the way
down. Smash my takeprofit right there.
Came up a little bit after that. Came
back to hit it again. And I think this
position actually uh went a little bit
lower. So, I left a little bit on the
table here, but I was definitely happy
with the win. That is all three steps
for my beginner scalping strategy. If
you like it, please like it, comment,
subscribe to the channel, consider
trying out my trading robot, which
actually trades this trading strategy
algorithmically. Watch this video right
here, or watch this video right here,
and I'll be back next week. Much love.
