EMA Structure and How to Read It
 
?  And if you are new then there is
not going to be anything very new for you.  Because
you don't know anything in advance.  You are a
beginner.  Everything is new for you.
Correct?  But if you have even a little knowledge and experience of training.
[MUSIC] Go search the internet once.
You won't find one video or one
thing about what is EMA
[music] structure.  Look, you must have
heard about market structure.  Everyone keeps talking.
And it is amazing.  It is just like that.
But it is a structure of averages
rather than direct price.  Now when the
direct price is strong, its
structure can be so strong.  So
EMA which is an average.  The structure of the average is going to become
even stronger.
I am going to explain to you how to read it.
And this is a completely fresh topic.  This is something that
very few people
use.  In fact I have not seen anyone who
uses it yet.  I am the
only one who
reads the structure of [music] EMA and plans on its basis.
This is why sometimes the
strategy fails.  But
structure and strategy but structure
and EMA if we combine both.  I mean, if we
combine structure and strategy
then the results are amazing.
Now what is that whole scene?  If
you look at it now, you will understand.  Let's get
to my screen and it is something that
now I'm going to reveal and you will learn
what this structure is for the
first time on the internet [music]
You are on my screen and now you let me
unlock this
[music]
Now you will see what this EMA structure
is?  Now what is the EMA structure [music]
like?  Before I explain the EMA structure, let me
explain some market structure rules to you.  What is market structure
?
[Music]
Whatever the price moves like,
we basically try to plan to read that structure
and based on that [Music]
reading we execute our trades
or
maintain a view on the market.  The EMA structure is
kind of similar.  But now you should understand
that while market structure
is a very strong concept in itself, EMA is a kind of even
stronger concept.
Why?  Because it is showing the average of the current 10-15
candles or the behavior of the price.
So the structure of the average will be
even stronger.  I hope you
both have understood this logic well.
How does the NOW market structure work?  Like
for example, the market moves like this.
After that he shifts his structure like this.
So whenever the market is rising,
it is making higher highs and higher losses.
These are called higher highs.  This is called
higher high.  This is called Higher High.  This is called
Higher High.  This is also higher high.
And this is Higher Low.  This is also higher take.
All right.  Then after that whenever the market
breaks its previous higher low, that
particular area I call it TR zone.
TR zone means trend reversal
zone.  That means the trend was going away.   The
trend will not continue now.  It is
about to reverse on the opposite side.  [Music]
So, right now that TR zone, it's basically
also called change of character.  Many
both are kind of the same thing.  There
is no difference.  Now after that break,
we expect the market from there
that now we will
get potential entries on the downside and the
market will move like this on the downside.  Until the market
breaks its main TR zone.
What happens sometimes?  There are also normal shifts.
So, we think the market is
in a downtrend.  But,
until it breaks its higher low,
it means that it is still in an uptrend.
It has not shifted into a downtrend.
Alright now
if we were to look at a similar structure, right now
this is a live chart [music] of Nifty,
how would we see it in the EMA.
Now for that you will not have to squeeze the chart like this
and instead of looking at EMA VMA in the chart,
you will have to look overall as to
which side the market is currently facing.
What structure is forming.  Where
is Higher High built?  Where have you made higher low.
That's [music] it.  Now when you
see such a structure, you will realize
how the structure looks now?   The
market has grown from here.  I have made one.
Then it has grown completely.  Then look here, it is made.
Then it's increased [music].  Then look, it is made.
Then it was made here.  Then it was made here.  Then it's
straight rocket from here.  The
market has given minor pullbacks.  Then it has come down.  Then look
here, it is made.  Then look here, it is made.  This is all in all the
movement of EMA.  The price has made a lot of
ups and
downs in between.  But this is all in all the
movement of EMA.  Now
I cannot remove the candlestick from this otherwise you would have
understood it better on an average basis.  But if you ca
n't make that disappear.  But still we can
squeeze it.  Or we have another option like this.
We
remove the candlestick and place it directly on the line.  So
now you should be seeing minor lines.  But
all in all the structure is this.  Now let us
try to read this structure.   The
price increased from here.  Price made a
higher high.  Then Price made it higher.
Then the price made it higher.  Correct?  And
then Price made Take This Higher [MUSIC].
Now when did this become higher low?  Because as soon as the
market made this new high, it became a new higher
high.  Here the market has made higher high and
here the market has made higher low.  Correct.
Now
if we look at the current market,
it is going downwards.  Now
where is its previous higher low?  Here.   That
means this is the trend reversal zone of the market.  Right
now the market is all and all going down.
But my preference
in such a situation would be that if I get long [music]
trades then I am more interested rather than being
short.
Ok?  Because all in all, the price is
going down right now.  Currently this show is doing average.
But the structure of EMA that has formed is
showing us
that the market has still not shifted into any down trend.  It has
shifted to an uptrend.  So now
how will I use this information?  Because the 8:30 strategy that
I taught you is my
strategy before this.  She will do as she pleases.  There are no
ifs and buts in it.
From the butt structure I have got a view
that I will take a short trade here.  Will be
visible on the basis of 8:30.  I am happy to take
short position.  But I would
not expect a very big target in that.  Because the
market overall is still bullish.  It has
not rained.  Structure wise it
is bullish right now.  [Music]
Okay?  When will I believe in bigger targets than the market
?  When that structure breaks and the
market becomes completely negative.   The
market is still bullish.  So here my
effort will be that whatever long side
trades I get, I will try to expect a big movement in them.  It has
not arrived yet.  But this is my expectation.
And just like that, the structure suddenly shifts
and we wonder,
how did the market go from down to up all of a sudden?
It is only because of this structure of EMA.
If we are trading on EMA basis.
All right.  So here,
mix both the things very thoughtfully.  This
[music] gives a kind of clear clarity as to
how I have to execute
my position.  Ok?  8:30 Repeating the strategy again.
8:30 Strategy is the same as before.  There's
no improvisation [in music].  That's As It Is.  Just the
structure is telling us that the market is
bullish overall.  So if it is bullish then I will
not expect much from the market.
Target [Music] Okay, I will
show you its results later. Now, if we see whether its
results have come or not, some
trades are going on and all, but apart from that, if we look at today, then today I will
show you [Music]
I will try to show you today. You will say, hey,
if this is like this, then you will get some confidence, it is
not like that, it just really
gets some confidence. [Music] Please, after
seeing the profit, I am not getting too excited,
I am moving towards more profit,
but you will get the idea. Now, if you
see [Music] I am sure, it will be visible.
Ok?  And it is an iPhone, there is no fake in it.
Everything is real.  Ok?  What does This Is My
say [music]?  My account only
which is visible to everyone at home.  So now in this
you will see that I have taken multiple
trades.  Ok?  I have taken it in puts as well as
calls.  [Music] And then Jo
Mainly Meri Jo Scalp Hui Hai Woh Call Pe
Gaya.  You will see on call that there is a profit of Rs 54,000.
And then I had hedged the position in put,
so there is a loss of Rs 5000.
I have closed my d at 461 55.  Okay,
now these 50 46000 that I made on call.  The
market was moving on the downside.
Why did I trade calls?  [MUSIC]
Or why did I go to the call?  That's why I went.   The
structure [music] is bullish.  So, firstly,
I have just shown you this example.  This is today
's scene, right? Now when are you seeing this?
When did you make the purchase? Of course, I don't know, but after
seeing this, you must be able to understand
how important the structure is
for the entire world. The market is bearish, the market is
going down. [Music] And I am sure
people must have made money in put also
because the market is going down. Everyone who is
following the 8:30 strategy in a simple way must have
made profit. Today, they have been
students. I will show you another thing about my
students also.  I have just had an
accident and I am 10% off my capital.
Where did Sumit go?   It
is a small capital.  [Music]
10 How much ₹3000 made 10% of his capital.
Small capital it's fine.  And
making money with consistency.  Look at that.  I don't know if I am seeing it
or not.
Making money is all about consistency.
1000, 2000, 1500, 2000 doing this
[music] is doing this.
So now you have this thing that
when someone is telling you some work, some
strategy or any knowledge and behind that
he has also taken a trade on the same thing, by
using it himself and applying his own logic,
if he has made some money then
confidence comes, these profits have no
importance, you
cannot judge anyone by one thing, but it is just to give
you that no, whatever I am telling you, have I
applied it myself on myself,
yes, only after applying it on myself,
I am sharing my things.  Isn't it
?  Because I am not an Apple registered guy
that I can advise you to do this or that.  It is
I am sharing my
thing about how I see you Price.
And I'm trying to teach you the price
dynamics.  [Music]
Okay?  Not Nifty, Bank Nifty and anything.
Price dynamics.  So according to the price dynamics,
I saw the EMA structure.
I had already seen this.  I just
told you.  That's why I was more
inclined towards call.
What happened today [music]?  What is my money made in
?  On call.  What is the market?  The market has fallen.
Today the market has fallen by about 350 points.
Nifty 50 is a big deal.   The
market has fallen by 1.23% today.  But still I was
able to make money in calls.  This also
shows that the market is different for everyone.
But I hope you got the point.  Ok?  All right.
Now.  So this was EMI structure.  You have to
read like this.  Now when this breaks
, the market will go down.  Then I
can expect that even if I
see a bullish structure in the market in the short term, I will also see bullish moves
, but I will be more
inclined to take short trades
if its structure breaks.  So
where am I inclined the most right now?  To
hold a long trade.  And that's why I was
studying on long.  Ok?  Now after this, in
its fifth and sixth lecture,
in the sixth lecture we will learn compression
and decompression.  Ok?
Om
