This will be the only guide you will
 
ever need in 2026 to become a successful
trader. And you're probably wondering
like, who am I? What have I done? Who am
I to say that I can teach you how to be
a successful trader in 2026? Well, my
track record speaks for itself. I've
been trading for over 8 years now. I
have made hundreds of millions of
dollars in this industry and other
industries, of course, but mostly from
the trading industry, easily eight
figures, uh, just in the last few years.
And I I do this I do this for a living.
I live trade in front of thousands of
people every morning. They copy my
trades. And let's just say the results
there [music] have been unbelievable. As
you can see, people are eating every
single day. And what's crazy is I only
charge $39 a month to join the room,
copy my trades, learn, and earn. It is
the best in the business, and it's not
even close. Like I said, the reviews
speak for themselves. To be a successful
trader in 2026 is going to take a couple
different things. For one, you got to
understand patience is key. One mistake
that a lot of beginner traders make is
simply rushing trades and not allowing
trades to come to them. You don't go to
the markets. You don't go towards
trades. You let the trades come to you.
Let the setups come to [music] you. It
is very important in 2026 that you abide
by that rule. If the trade's not there,
you don't take it. If the buying or
selling opportunity is not there, you
don't take it. You [music] have to have
patience. Meaning, guess what? In 2026,
you may have a day, you may have two
days per week where you don't trade. And
that might sound crazy to you because
it's like, I need to trade. I need to
make money. But if you're not willing to
take a day off, if you're not willing to
say, hey, the markets just aren't that
good today. I'm not going to trade. I'm
not going to make money today. Then you
are going to be a failing trader.
Patience is so much key. Now, with that
also being said, here's tip number two.
And this one might seem a little weird,
but how to get a free car in 2026. Click
the link down below, follow my main
Instagram at Mamba FX, and that's it.
you're entered in the giveaway to win a
brand new Range Rover. Simple as that.
Click the link down below or look me up
on Instagram at Mamba FX. Follow me and
you have a chance at winning a [music]
Range Rover. Simple as that. I ain't
really got nothing else to say. Just
feel like giving back. Had a really good
year trading and uh 2026 is the year of
giving for me. Now, rule number two,
we're scalping all year. I don't care
what anybody says about swing trading. I
don't care what anybody says about day
trading in terms of holding trades for a
few hours or 8 hours or whatever.
[music] We're not doing any of that. We
are scalping all year long. Scalping is
not only the most efficient way to make
money trading, it's the fastest way. And
honestly, to me, it's the smartest way.
And I'm going to explain exactly why.
Okay, I want you to think about this for
a second. We've all traded, we've all
looked at the markets, [music] we've all
seen the data. And time over time, we
see the same pattern. We see price move
a certain direction for a short period
of time before then reversing the other
way. The markets can be bipolar. One day
they're pushing up, one day they're
pushing down, one day it doesn't know
what it wants to do. If we know that the
markets are bipolar and never really
have a lot of direction day over day,
why would we take a trade that's going
to last [music] days or even last hours
when we can find a trend, find a
breakout, get in, and get out within 10,
15 minutes and have made even more than
one of them silly old swing traders.
Think about that. This is why I have
created the best strategy ever to exist
for scalping and for trading in general.
It's going to maximize your profits.
It's going to make sure you get in, you
get out, and it's going to make sure you
have a lot of free time throughout the
day to enjoy with your family or
whatever else you want to do. You don't
have to sit there managing trades and
feeling all goofy. None of that stuff.
And the best part is it's 100% free. And
in a couple more steps, I'm going to be
teaching you guys the exact strategy
that I use to help you guys start your
2026 careers as becoming a profitable
trader. But a couple more points that I
want to get into before I show you guys
the strategy. And don't skip to the
strategy because you're bored or because
you think that uh you just want to get
into it. Listen to all these steps
because they're all very, very, very
important. Now, another thing this year
that you have to focus on is which time
frame you're going to use. We only use
the 5minut and the 15minut time frame.
Nothing else. That's it. Nothing else.
I'm not looking at the 30. I'm not
looking at the hourly. I'm not looking
at the the daily to see overall where's
price at for the day. Today, I don't
care where price is for the day. I'm
only worried about what's happening
right now and what I see visually
because guess what? Another rule and
something we're going to stick to in
2026. We are only trading New York
session 6:25 a.m. Pacific Standard Time
every single morning, 9:30 on the East
Coast. We are getting on the charts.
We're getting ready. Well, not 9:30, I'm
sorry, 9:25. Give yourself 5 minutes or
so. Mark up your charts, support,
resistance, trend lines, and once we see
that breakout occur, once that volume
kicks in, we're going to take that
trade. 20 minutes, we're out. That's it.
Every single morning, if there's no
move, we wait. We stay patient. Nothing
happens for 45 minutes or so, call it a
day. Sometimes it takes an hour for our
setup, very rarely. But if it does take
an hour plus, you're done. That's it. We
move on. Tomorrow we'll try again. We're
not going to sit here and wait for a
trade all day. We don't want to get in
later. We just don't. Don't trade before
the market opens. Don't trade an hour
after. Such a simple rule set. If you
guys can stick to these rules, you're
going to do very well. You have to
listen to every single rule. Apply them
all and be consistent and be stern with
yourself. Don't let yourself say,
>> "Well, rent's almost due. I'm going to
have to trade 2 hours later.
>> This setup looks good even though it's
5:00 p.m. on a freaking Thursday. I'm
going to take this trade."
>> Stop doing that.
>> Stop it. You're going to be strict with
yourself in 2026. And then you're going
to see results. Strictness will bring
results as a trader, but you have to
stay [music] disciplined. Be
disciplined. Tell yourself, "I'm going
to listen to this plan. This man just
bought a Pagani and nine supercars from
trading. I'm going to freaking listen to
him. Listen to what I'm telling you.
It's very, very, very important. Now,
guys, I want to break this strategy down
for you. I'm excited to get this going,
man. I've been doing this for a very
long time. 2026 feels like a very
special year. Feels like a lot of you
guys are going to be very successful
this year, and I'm excited to be a part
of that journey. So, last but not least,
what do we trade? Well, if we're trading
indices, US30 and NASDAQ, we're trading
futures, NQ and YM. Simple as that.
NASDAQ is the same thing as NQ for
futures. US30 is the same thing for YM.
It's all the same thing. It's either
indices or futures. Same instrument.
Basically moves the same. Same strategy,
different platforms. If you guys would
like to trade your own capital, use the
link in my description for the best
broker, Liquid Brokers. And if you guys
would like to trade a futures prop firm
account, Legacyfunded Futures is the way
to go. If you want to get a prop firm
account for just indices, then I would
go claritytraders.com.
Everything is in the description. Click
the links down below, get started, and
uh yeah, it's the fastest way to get
capital and start making money. Okay,
here we go. Let's break down the actual
strategy. Now, again, if you don't have
psychology, and what I mean by
psychology is discipline and everything
I just said, and you're not willing to
do everything I just said every single
day, none of this is going to matter.
But if you are willing to do everything
I just said, well, be prepared to learn
the best strategy of your entire
freaking [music] life. Here we go. US30.
So remember guys, I already told you I'm
going to actually remove everything here
and we're going to start this thing from
scratch just to show you exactly what
you're going to see every single day
when you open the charts and you get
ready to trade. Okay, so very very
simple. Like I said, 6:20 a.m. we are
looking for our setup. It's 6:20, 6:25,
whatever. Give yourself 5, 10 minutes,
whatever you need. Some people like 15
minutes. I just get on at 6:25,
honestly. Any 5 minutes to just check.
I'm really that fast with it. And you
will, too. Uh become that fast if you
really just grind and just stare at the
charts all the time. and become a freak
about it. I've been doing this for a
long time. And when I first started, I
mean, I was a freak. I was a freak. I
would stare all day, every day at these
charts all night up till 4:00 a.m. just
staring and staring and staring. Became
obsessed and well, it paid off. So, here
we go. Here's what we have, right? This
looks like a basic chart. It's 620 uh
6:15 actually. We know we need to mark
this up. What do we want to look for
first? Support, resistance, trend lines.
Imagine if I told you that was it. What
if I told you all you need to find is
support, resistance, and trend lines,
and you'll be successful. Watch this.
Okay, first off, we have a trend line
here. Nothing crazy, kind of a deep
trend line. We also have a trend line
here. And yes, you do want to mark up
every trend line because they all
matter. Obviously, this one's not
perfect, but neither [music] is this
one, but it is respecting it. 1 2 3 4 5
6 whatever. 10 touches. Couple touches
here. Couple touches here. This looks
like a very solid trend line. So, we
know that is nice trend line for a
potential break. We have resistance
here. I'm going to draw up. We have
support here. here. I'm going to draw
up. As you can see, we have resistance
here. I'm going to draw up. Very, very
simple. And again, we can even go to our
15 if we want to clear some stuff up.
Now, as you can see, data is very
bullish. Kind of hard to see those
supports now. So, I'll go down to my
five to really see what the data is
telling me. Now, from here, we still got
some time. Okay. 6:15. All right. We're
still respecting. It is now 6:25,
meaning the markets are going to open in
the next 5 minutes. when they open.
We're going to wait from this position,
right? I can already tell we're either
going to take buy positions if we break
past this resistance here, have a nice
tight stop loss, go for a 1 to four, and
yeah, very nice. Okay, that's what we're
going to do, right? It's obvious there's
a resistance. We're in a bullish market.
That's what we're going to do if we push
to the upside. But there's always going
to be options. Now, we could also say
this is support here, right? Because we
have 1, two, three touches here. That's
support. And as you can see, we can even
go to our 1 minute time frame. As you
can see, we have support. It's a little
messy, but it is support. You see that
trend line? You can see everything if
you go deeper down. Let's go back to our
five, however, and let's see what
happens on the start. Bam. It's a crazy
candle. This was a crazy day. And yes, I
did catch this. And yes, everybody in my
live trading room also caught this.
Insane day. Uh I'm going to actually
show you guys a replay of that day. And
we were all catching these profits as
well. Show you guys how that went. It
was a beautiful day. And um yeah, play
the footage. That's how you close the uh
New Year's off, right? 2025 was a
success. And uh we'll come back in 2026
and do it all again. I closed all my
position at Target 3, guys. I'm not
calling nobody a scammer, by the way.
Somebody said that. But I'm just saying
like trading wise, like that strategy is
ridiculous. For one,
[music]
>> okay, so again, what did I say? If this
breaks, we would take a short position
because we have support. Or we don't
even have to do that. If we feel like
that's too early and all we're going off
of is support, although that would have
been an insane move. You would have
caught your 1 to4. Very simple. I have
my trend line drawn here. So if I have
this trend line, we have resistance here
and we see this candle breaking both.
That's two confirmations, not one. Not
only are we only are we breaking through
a trend line, we just broke through a
resistance and now we're breaking
through a support as well. So we have
opportunities to take our sell here.
Okay, if we want to play it safe and
wait for the trend line to break, we
take our sell position here. Okay, if we
really wanted to play it safe, which I
don't recommend, I like to get
aggressive. We could have taken this
trade here. So, now we broke through
support. We broke through a trend line,
and we have a nice nasty candle to the
downside. And again, we're going to
easily catch a one. No matter what we
did here, you you couldn't have lost,
right? I mean, we're already at a 1:4
from here. If we're up here, we're at a
1 to four. If we're up here, [music] we
hit a 1 to four a long time ago. We
could have trail our stop loss and even
went for a 1 to eight if we really
wanted to. But it really is as simple as
that. Now, I'll take you guys through
and show you guys another example. We do
this every day. Like, it literally never
ends. It never ever ever ends. And
you'll notice volume picks up at 6:30
like crazy. There's so much volume at
6:30. It's actually disgusting. And this
is why I trade at 6:30. US30 NASDAQ, you
have options. Pick and choose which one
looks better that day. Trade both. Mix
it. Mix and match. Figure out what your
style is. But again, here we are. 6:25.
We got 5 minutes till the market's open.
We have a nice resistance up here drawn.
We're going to draw our support zone
here. Somewhat of a trend line. Not
much, but it is a trend line
nonetheless. That's it. We drew it.
Let's see what happens. Something's
going to happen. We respected that
resistance. Bang. Price started to push
down. Broke our trend line and our
support zone. And as you can see, bam,
we took our sell position right here.
Nice tight stop loss. 14 points. We can
go for a 1 to four. We can go for 1:5. I
do go for 1 to 5, but I'll typically
close around a 1 to four. That's just
kind of my style right now and what I've
been noticing is working best. But
again, look at that. Bam. Just like
that, we had a 1 to five. All targets
got smacked and uh the rest was history.
So, I'm telling you guys, it's the same
process every single day. Every day,
we're doing the exact same thing. We're
marking up support. We're marking up
resistance. We're marking up our trend
lines at 625. Five minutes go by, bam,
volume picks up, the candle explodes, we
break out to the upside, we break out to
the downside, we take our trade, we
close at a 1 to4, and we do the same
thing every single day. Now, if price
consolidates like we have here, well,
guess what? We're not [music] going to
trade. This tells me right now the
markets are not good. We're not going to
trade. If it's consolidating, we don't
trade. If it has a beautiful break like
this with a lot of volume, we trade. So,
you see how patience is very important,
and I need you guys to have patience
this year if you want to be successful.
But again, it really is as simple as
that. Very, very, very simple. The way I
trade will always be simple. And if you
keep it simple, you stay dedicated,
you're going to be successful. So,
follow my Instagram at Mamba FX. If you
guys would like a chance at winning a
Range Rover, if you guys would uh like
to trade with me live for $39 a month,
which is too cheap, click the link down
below and join the kingdom. You guys see
the prop firms and all that down below.
I will see you guys on my next video.
And let's have a great 2026. Peace.
