[Music]
 
Now let's understand what you're going to learn in all those lectures.
In lecture one
we will understand what is EMA?  What is EMA?
Because before starting anything you should have
proper information about it.
What is that thing?  How does it work?
What is the psychology behind it?  Why is it
showing you that result?  What is that date point
showing?  And everything.
We will understand everything about EMA, what exactly is it
?  In lecture two we will understand
how it works in the chart?
What values ​​does the chart show you?   Let's
look at examples of Forex.  We will look at
examples of crypto, examples of stocks
, examples of indices.   There are a
lot of things we're going to see in Lecture Two.
In lecture three, we will understand
how to apply EMA specifically.  Now
Different is the value of the different EMA.
So it shows different things.
How to apply all of them similarly
and apart from that how do I use that strategy.
That point.  In lecture four, we will
understand how we specifically enter
and exit.  In
a simple way, they will understand
what specifically they should look at to enter and what specifically they should
look at to exit with the
strategy.  In lecture five we will understand
how to read the structure of EMA.
Maybe you might be hearing this for the first time.
But yes, there is also an EMA structure, after
reading the structure of EMA,
plan your trades on its basis and
understand the market.  In lecture six, we will understand what
EMA compression and decompression is.  It may
sound like a new word but
trust me it works amazingly.
I use this thing daily and
when it appears in the chart, the
trades I get after that are quite good.  So
I will explain EMA compression and decompression to you
in detail.  In this section, we will explain that you have
two-three options to
plan stop loss effectively.  Like
what is the market?  The market is dynamic.  So,
everything cannot happen like this for the market that
we just see one thing and the trade market keeps
moving in different ways.
So there are many ways to
plan stop loss in strategies.  Sometimes
we have to keep the stop loss a little bigger.
So when should he keep it big?  That our
accuracy should increase and we should get the target and
sometimes even a small one will do the job.  So just
as the market is dynamic,
we will also have to be a little dynamic.  Now there
is only one strategy.  everything is the same.  But
by improvising a little more, an
attempt is made to increase its accuracy.
So you will understand that when you
learn stop loss planning properly.
In lecture 8 we will understand
how to take high probability trades.  Meaning,
how do you find a trade where you have
more chances of making profits
and when you do, they are big.
Where to see that high probability rate, how to
see it, that too.  In lecture nine you will understand
how you have to handle psychology.
When you trade in EMA
specifically because here we are
talking only about EMA.  Only EMA is going to happen.
So
what level of mindset should one have to trade EMA?  What
psychological aspects do you have to keep in mind
because EMA has both good and bad aspects.
If you know the use case exactly, that's
great.  It is very bad if you don't know the correct squeeze.
So it
is very important to understand all those things.  Now in lecture 10 we will
come to the advanced variant and we have to
understand that if we have to do scalping
using the strategy only, then
how can we do scalping?
What
mindset should be kept while scalping on EMA?  That means we will understand
how scalping is done on these short all and all EMAs.
And most traders,
including me, use this
for scalping when it comes to
trading in the live market.  You must have already
seen a lot of people saying I don't
need a no.  Mostly everyone uses us.
So how to do that?  I will teach
you.  After that how to plan intraday trade
?  Now lecture 12 is going to be a bonus.
There we will understand how we can
further increase the accuracy of this strategy.
How can we increase its accuracy?
Because look, the market is dynamic.
If we keep working on ourselves, things keep
improving.  So what
can you do to make small minor changes so that
its accuracy increases further?  That's going to be a bonus.
And this is going to be all about
where we will learn everything about EMA in
short.  So I am sure I have
told you the topic first so that you can do
research on your own.  If you have to do it yourself
because this video is going to be on YouTube.
So you can do whatever you want to do.  It's
going to be a collaboration with AllClass Plus where I will
upload everything and you will get it
at a very affordable price.  Meaning I am
sure if I wanted, the price of this thing would be Rs.
30, 40, 500,000.  Because by
the way I mean to you because when we
get such content in a video, we
understand its value.  Hey, what is this, this is just video
content.  What value will it have?  So
someone made it and recorded it.  It's not like that.
If I try to explain it to you value wise, then the
equipment required for
shooting.  That are very
expensive.  This camera is very
expensive.  It has this it is on a gimbal.
Then the second camera.  Then after that, the
biggest expense is of editing.
If you hire a good editing editor,
it costs around ₹2500 to
₹3000 per minute.  And this entire lecture is going to be
around 250-300 minutes long.  Even if you
do 300 * 2500 minutes, you will
easily get a bill of ₹ 1 lakh.
And that I have paid.  Because I have to
deliver you high qualities.  So
things have been put together very well so
that you understand and your mind gets confirmed.
Now this was the complete introduction.  I
hope you have understood that.  Now let's
start directly from Lecture One and along with this,
my effort will also be that after this,
when you finish all the lectures,
soon, that is, within the next month, you will
also get a question paper in which you will be asked questions
from these 12 lectures only.
You have to answer so that
I, as a teacher, can also know
how accurate you are and how you are doing.
So it will take some time to design the
question paper because I do everything myself.
So by the time you learn
this and then in a month, after that it's going to be late see how it goes see
you in
lecture one.
