OK, the 830 strategy is a
 
strategy that, as a beginner, can give you targets of 1:3, 1:4,
and sometimes even 1:8.
We will discuss this strategy in two parts.
Basically, here I'm using an EA and an
indicator to combine them into one
strategy. Once you gain some
knowledge, you wo
n't need it as much. However, as a beginner, if you do
n't have much knowledge, this indicator helps you
follow price action.
You also know that price is God (the late Rakesh
Nala Sir also said this). So, if you
follow price, your
chances of profitability in the market will be higher. As a
beginner, you have to keep in mind
that strategy alone does
n't do anything. The whole game here is about
psychology. If you're right in the market, that is,
if you make a profitable
trade and cut it too early,
then there's no benefit. You can cut your
position, take a stop loss, and
exit the market comfortably.  This is the
game here, friends. We'll discuss it later on. There are
some advanced topics, but first, let's
understand at a very basic level what this 830
strategy is and how it works. Now we'll
understand it by applying it to Bank Nifty as an example. After that, you can apply it to Bank Nifty or Nifty
Reliance 1. You can apply it to it and evaluate
your
profits and losses.
You can make some profits by applying both.
You
can also apply it to crypto and forex. So,
first, let's understand the main concept of the
strategy. Then, we'll go to which
time frame will be best. So, this is Bank
Nifty. Now, let's change the time frame to a
15-minute time frame, which is
an intraday analysis time frame.
If we bring it to the entry time, that is,
which
time frame are you entering on intraday? I
use 3 minutes. You can also use 5 minutes.
Okay, so I've applied 3 minutes here as well.
Now
look at the strategy. It's very simple. You have to
click on the indicators tab here and
type in "EAMA." Once
you click, you have to click twice again.
The EA indicator will be added. Now, after it's added,
go to the first one, go to Settings, and the
Style will open by default.
Change its color to green. Go
to Inputs, and change the value to 8.
Now, why am I using this 8?
I'll explain its logic at the end. This is a
bit amazing, you'll find it logical.
Now, in the method below, you have to make it 8.
Keep the Source close.
And enter the value 8 in the Length section below.
Just click ok. Now, let's understand this first. Let's turn it
off. Now, look at
EAMA. EAMA stands for Exponential
Moving Average. Let's understand it at a very basic level.
You might have noticed it when we were in class.
When scoring is done in class,
suppose we are 10 students, out of these
10 students, one person
scored 50 marks in LTs and one student
scored 45 marks, one student
scored 42 marks, one student scored 58 marks and
one again scored
43 in LTs, so when we calculate the average of these 10 students,
for example, it came out to be
53, then 53 becomes the average of our 10
students, even though everyone
scored different marks, but their
average became %, 8. The
value we have entered here means that
we are taking the average price of the last eight candles
in the market, that is,
if the market breaks its average of eight candles, then if it
goes long, then we will go
for long and if it goes short, then we will go
for short. What is long short?
Long means buying position and short
means selling position. This is the concept,
basically, whenever someone  If a candle closes above the EA,
it means the
market has just broken its average.
Because if you look here,
all the candles are almost
touching the EA,
but this green
candle has a completely different close. So,
what does this mean? It
means this was a candle that
broke the record of all the previous 10 candles
and had a completely different close. Now,
as soon as that different close happens, we will be alerted that,
no, yes, the market has
broken its average of eight candles. Now, the
concept is this: after breaking the average,
if the next candle
breaks the market high, the market generally goes into an
uptrend. If it breaks the low, the
market goes into a downtrend.
Now, we understand
how the average concept works.
To use it effectively, we
also use support and resistance, which I will explain to
you later. Its logic
also has many terms. Drawing a basic line is all it takes.  It does
n't happen just on the
basis of resistance. If you look at it here, the
market closed above and
after closing, it broke its low. As soon as the
market broke its low, we
placed a stop loss here and planned the trade.
And you can see how good the reward was.
This is not just a matter of the chart created.
Earlier, I had taken a
position in Bank Nifty on the five-minute time
frame. After taking the position, I had told you that because it is
risky, but it was the same
logic. Okay, now we
know the logic of 8 EA. If the
candle is closing below the EA, then we go for
buying. If the candle is
closing above the EA, then we go for selling. Now, if
you are at an advanced level, you already
know support resistance and price
action, so you can merge this
with your strategy or previous knowledge.
Now let's come to the very
basic level. Beginners do
not even know what price action is or
what support resistance is.  So how can you do this in simple
terms? Look, in the next indicator,
we'll go to Settings and
enter the length value, 30. Now,
30 means the average of 30 candles. Go to Style and
color it red so
we know that yes, this is a danger
line. If the market goes below it, it's down. If it goes above it, it's
up. Now, the
concept is very simple. Whenever the
market crosses the green line,
we plan a buy trade there.
Absolutely right, or you
can say like this here. Now the whole game comes down to where to place the
stop loss. Because if
you screw up your stop loss, the
job will be over. If you mess it up,
your stop loss will not be hit quickly. To ensure that your stop
loss is not hit too quickly, you always have to place the stop loss at the swing low.
Usually, when you
enter the 8EA, as we explained earlier,
we were placing a candle stop loss there.
But here, if we apply both these
indicators and
go based on the 830 strategy, we can do this.  If you are trading at a low price,
we should always keep a stop loss at the swing low.
Just remember this, don't
stay on the candle itself, otherwise, most of your stop losses will be hit.
Now, let me explain the meaning of swing.
If anyone does
n't understand as a beginner,
whenever the market moves like this, then whenever
it is coming down, it halves and
comes down, we
call it a swing. So, this swing was
created by the market and it started from here. So,
if we are entering here with
lates, this becomes our entry point, then
we will place our stop loss
below this swing. This becomes our stop loss. Right
now, there is a gap up in the current market.
If we look at it on this basis, then
our stop loss should be here.
If we entered at this place with lates, right now there is a
gap up. If we go further, then
our stop loss will go
below this swing because there was no swing below this before.
Okay, now let's take it back a little
and see
where we could have entered. Now
see.  Let's understand here, if we look at this place, the
green line has gone up.
If we are entering the market here, then
our stop loss will go up, and whatever
our stop loss is going up, we have to
move it into the minimum limit. If you
see anywhere in the market that
this is a very big stop loss, my
market will not give me this much, avoid
that trend because the
best option in the market is to survive as much as possible as a
beginner.
If you will not be able to survive in the market, if you will incur
stop losses very quickly, then
your morale will go down. Those who are
advanced, who have time and
experience while trading, what is it
now, if I get four S, then I will be like,
okay, fine, let's close, it is
not in the setup of my system, close it. But as a
beginner, if you get even one S, then what do you
think, no, no, I have a loss,
I have to recover. And in the cycle
of revenge trading, you again get
trapped in that cycle and then  Venture Losses Losses
Okay, so I hope you have understood the strategy now.
If we talk about short, then
as soon as the green line goes down and the
red line comes up, we plan our sell
play trade there and the
stop loss should be here. If we talk about today itself, then at
this point the market had told us to
create a sell position according to this strategy and if we
calculate it on risk to reward,
by the way, you will find this long short position on the 1 2
3 4 FS6 icon. Here
we clicked and created the position with lets here
and this would have been our stop loss. Currently, the
market is almost near 1:3.
If we take it all the way down, it has become 1:3,
but we do not accept the full downfall. If we
take it anywhere with lets, then the
market has still given a record of 1 2.66
on the 3-minute time frame. This is today
's market right now. This is fine. What is today's date?
You can see, this is the date Wednesday.  18
October Okay, right now this video will take
time to come because this video might be uploaded late
but now you know okay so in this way
you can plan your trade this is a
very basic and simple strategy
now here the biggest trade plan
which you can go ahead and say will make you survive
in the market if you
think that I will invest the entire money in one go
this strategy is going to be very solid
you know let's say
my capital is 10000 I can make it 200 in one go
trust me if you
run after such a big strategy anywhere then your entire
money will become zero there so what you have to do here is
whatever your capital is
if your capital is less than 10000 which will be
in beginners understand then you will
plan a loss of maximum %
not more than that that is in this case ₹ per
trade just not more than this now if you
feel that in the option then the flap will get set, it does
not happen, we will explain that too and
make it for you  You do not have any idea as to
where to place the position and
how to plan for it, otherwise the professionals here
make lakhs of rupees in the target of 35, 35, 40, 40. 10. A
stop loss of ₹1 is given and in
this way the target is ₹5. If the
market gains momentum, then the same trade
trails and goes up to 55, 60, 70, 100, but
normally there is no stop loss above ₹100. So, there is
no need for you to take such big risks. I will explain further what happens
in options, but you have to do this, the
stop loss of your trade should
not be above ₹2000000 if you have capital. And
if your capital is around 50000, then take
my suggestion, do not put a stop loss above ₹10.
Rest you are intelligent yourself, it is your money, it is
your decision, it is my job
only.
Teaching and explaining things based on experience. Now I hope you
understand exactly
how well this basic strategy works.
Now let's shuffle it around a bit and see
how it performs with Bitcoin. Okay, I'm
searching right in front of you. Let's expand the BTC
SDT time frame a little for
BTC. Let's take it at 1R. If we're
talking about BTC, look at 1R. The
strategy told us to
enter the market at this point. Enter at this point and place a
stop-loss of 10 here because
this was the market's lowest swing.
After that, you can see the reward yourself.
Boom, 1:1, that is, 10,000 for 1,000.
This was Bitcoin. So, you can do this everywhere.
Now let's discuss which time frame to
trade in. The most important topic is that there are four
types of time frames. First comes
scalping, second comes
intraday, third comes swing
trading, and fourth comes positional
trading. Now, in between these, there is a zone.  A
small one which we call
BTST. BTST means Buy
Today Sell Tomorrow. Now I am telling you about these shorts. I will
make a detailed video on this, which time frame is the best for
trading in the market,
according to which conditions these shorts. If you are
scalping, then you will use it on 1 minute
time frame. If you are
doing intraday, then I personally use 3 minutes. If you
want, you can also do 5 minutes.
If you are doing swing trading, then do
not go below 1R at all. And if you are doing
positional, then 4R and daily time
frame. Now you have to decide which time frame to
apply stop loss. Whatever it is,
tell me what the result has been.
If the market goes sideways, then
our stop losses will be hit there. So on the day when
you have three stop losses in a day,
close the system and this has been my
golden role. Trust me,
I or any other students who are
trading, whoever has already skipped this rule a
lot.  I have suffered huge losses, have I suffered
huge losses myself, the day
I sleep or not, yes it happens that sometimes
you have a good day, then
you get confidence or no, right now things are
very good, I am the
champion, let's take another
trade, the same trade will ruin you completely, just one trade will
ruin you completely, in the
sense that even this much does not happen right now, as a
professional,
if something goes wrong even at maximum, it will
eat away our previous day's profit, the worst that can happen is this, we don't keep it,
but as a beginner,
first set this in your mind that the
day my three SLs come, I will
close the market and after that test it,
if you want to do it simple, you open the chart, take a
paper trade, do a back test first,
then go and use real money, okay, but the
result will be very amazing, so
I have given some good name to this strategy, that is, the
name has been decided by us,
830 strategy right or you can call it
wizard.  Strategy by brand endorsing it in a good way, we could have a very good kind of
a secret thing, but I have
explained the whole logic to you, ultimately,
if you see,
most of the traders today, people use EA,
now EA is not a very new concept, it is the
concept of moving average, I hope you got the
idea, now thank you so much for tuning in
and many more such amazing
videos are going to come, bye bye,
so I forgot to tell you one thing,
subscribe to the channel and press the notification bell
icon, this will ensure
that the videos, what I am trying to do right now,
flow in a sequence,
so if you have not pressed the bell icon, then
you will not have the notification mind,
so suppose I uploaded a video
and after that you did
not get the notification for three videos and then suddenly the fourth
video came, then you will say what is happening,
I am not able to understand, so that's why
