Today I'm revealing the best one minute
 
scalping strategy I've ever built. One
that helps you catch insane moves in
just 90 minutes per day. The back test.
Over 20,988%
return over 5 years with steady gains
every single year since 2020. So like
the video, subscribe to the channel, and
let's win some trades. Let's start here
with the trading performance before I
teach you my one minute scalping
strategy in full. So, let's start a back
test here. You can see this is just a
2025 back test starting with $10,000 and
it goes up to around $16,000
using my one minute scalping strategy
I'm about to teach you. Now, I'm using
my trading robot to provide this data,
but you don't need my trading robot in
order to use this strategy. But for the
members of the trade with Pat Robot, I
will have the one minute set file in the
video description for you to download.
Now, these performance numbers here are
just from one single pair. I actually
use this on many pairs. I'm going to
teach you how to use the one minute
scalping strategy on four trades,
showing you four separate pairs, but I
don't promise or guarantee any future
trading results. Past results like this
back test here do not guarantee future
performance. So, let's get into the
strategy. Let's start with a trade from
the back test here that the robot took
for $6,000 in just under 40 minutes.
Now, in order to do this yourself, I
want you to install two indicators. Come
up to indicators right here. Type EMA.
We're going to click on that right
there. We're going to set the EMA to
100. I like the length of 100 when I'm
using the one minute time frame. The
next indicator is the opening range with
breakouts. I'm going to want you to
click on that right there. Come to
settings. We want the time period to be
5 minutes. And we want this to be 9:30
to 9:35. Our opening range is just 5
minutes. And in this video, you're going
to see I'm UTC minus 4 because I'm
looking at the past, but we are past
daylight saving time. So when you're
installing this, you want this to be UTC
minus 5. Okay? And the same down here.
You want this to be UTC minus 5 for
current market because we are past
daylight savings time. Now, let's zoom
in a little bit here. This works on any
forex pair, any asset. The first thing
that we're doing is we are setting the
range for the day. That range is just
five one minute candles or one fivem
minute candle. We set the top of the
range and we set the bottom of the
range. Then come to the one minute time
frame. I'm already on the one minute
time frame and we are looking for an
impulsive move outside the range on
either the top or the bottom. It doesn't
matter. You could see we are waiting and
eventually we get that move right there.
Okay, we break and close. But this
wasn't a very impulsive move. So, we go
on and we wait for a more impulsive
move. And what I mean by impulsive move
is this. Look, it explodes out of the
zone right here. So, we have our
impulsive move. We create a level of
demand right here on the red candle
before the big push up with all the
green candles. At this point, the price
is above our EMA. So, it's in line with
the trend. We want to trade with the
trend. And our bias doesn't really
matter that much, but we do want to set
up our fib retracement. So, click right
here to the fib retracement and mark
from the swing low to the swing high,
which is right here. And then pull that
across. We should play this out a little
bit more. Make sure that swing high
isn't any higher. You want to always be
entering at a discounted price. So, for
my stop loss, I'm usually going to put
this below the range midline. You could
see we have the range midline right
about there. And for my take-profit, I'm
going to target usually recent price
action. Something like this right here.
And then I'm going to set a limit order.
Right? So, I'm going to set my limit
order in the demand right down here. So,
when price comes to that level like
that, it taps me into the trade. You can
see I was trying to catch the candle
here. It wasn't a perfect entry, but
trading is never perfect, even though
you see me get these sniper entries on
stream every single day. And here it is.
the price pushes up and smashes my
takerit perfectly, tapping that recent
price action. Now, that's a simple
version of the strategy. With each
trade, I'm going to teach you a little
bit more so that by the end of the
video, you can use this one minute
scalping strategy perfectly. But before
we move into the second trade, tell me
about the best win you've ever had in
the comments section, and I'll give my
three favorite comments free access to
my VIP trading room. Now, let's move
into trade number two. Now, I'm going to
show you a US30 trade. This works
really, really well on indices. There's
actually a full academic paper of this
trading strategy on indices. I have it
linked on my website. You could check it
out yourself. But my version of this
strategy is even better. So, the first
thing we're always looking for is that
range, right? The first five one minute
candles here, 9:30 to 9:35, that sets
our range. Then we're waiting for price
to break out of that range. And that's
exactly what happens here. price breaks
and closes outside of the range right
here and we get a significant impulsive
move out of the zone. You can see we
come out of the zone. It's a nice
impulsive move. That's what we want to
see. And then we want to find ourselves
an entry. So on this trade, I decided to
enter at a fair value gap right here.
What is a fair value gap? It's a three
candle pattern. You can see this candle
right here doesn't come up and fill this
gap. And this candle right here does not
come up and fill this gap either. that
creates an imbalance in the markets
right here and it's very close to the
top of our range. So, I'm expecting a
sniper entry reaction off of this level.
Now, the next thing I'm doing is I'm
grabbing the Fibonacci retracement here.
I'm marking it from the bottom, the
swing low to the swing high here, and
I'm swinging that across. Now, I'm all
trying to get the price below the 50%
retracement because the market moves in
waves, right? So you want to catch the
wave down in order to get the push up.
Perfect. You don't want to be in draw
down. Now in this trade, you could see
I'm not below the 50%, but I'm close
enough to that discount zone that I
really like that entry. And it's also
really close to the top of the orb here
as well. And of course, we are trading
with the trend as you could see our EMA
right here. So there's just so many
reasons to take this trade. And let's go
ahead and let that price tap into the
fair value gap. You could see it
consolidated a little bit at this level
right here, but inevitably came up
smashing my takerit perfectly. Now, this
is why I used the fair value gap. You'll
frequently see me enter trades at fair
value gaps, enter trades at demand zones
like this, because those are the levels
where you're getting the biggest
reaction, where you can actually get a
sniper entry. Now, the next trade is
really important for you to see. But
before we get into that, if you're
looking for a place to trade, I
recommend the AAAFX broker. The spread's
low, the commission's low, MetaTrader is
the best platform. So, click the link in
the description. Registration is free.
Now, let's get into trade number three.
Now, if you've been watching me on live
stream, you know right now I'm on a five
trade win streak. And if I hit 10 in a
row, I'm probably going to get a spray
tan or something stupid. So, come check
out the live streams. Now, let's get
into trade number three. This is a gold
trade. You know, I love trading gold.
You can see 1 2 3 4 5. The range is set,
right? Top of the range right here.
Bottom of the range, just 9:30 to 9:35.
New York Stock Exchange open. Then we
want to see the price break out the top
or the bottom. In this case, look, price
broke out the bottom. Pretty good.
Decent impulsive move. Created a fair
value gap right there at the bottom of
the range. So, that's a nice little
entry for us right there. So, what did I
do? I waited for price to come there. I
made sure that I measured from the swing
high here to the swing low here. And you
could see we were getting price at that
50% level again, which is nice. We want
to be below there or above there in a
cell. And then price tapped into the
level, went in our direction a little
bit. If I was in a live stream, I might
have taken a partial here and been all
right. But this was a live trade I took
by myself. And I actually lost the trade
here. I got this one very, very wrong.
And I made a pretty big mistake here. If
I put the EMA on the chart, you could
see we were in an uptrend, right? So, I
tried myself a counter trend trade. I
relied on the orb, right? We had the
breakout, the bottom of the orb. I felt
like that was strong enough and we might
get a market reversal. But that's my
mistake. And that's where robots can
sometimes be better than humans because
they are always going to follow the
rules. Now, I've got one more trade to
show you. And you have to see this
trade. I promise it's worth it. Okay, so
for my fourth and last trade I'm going
to show you, I took this trade on live
stream using this strategy just two days
ago, part of my five straight win streak
right here. At the time of this picture,
we were up about 1300. Now, let's break
this thing down, right? I'm going to
show you this one on the five minute
time frame. You could see the orb was
created right here, but the setup's the
same, right? It's just the one five
minute time frame, right? 9:30 to 9:35.
And you can see right here I have UTC
minus 5 now because this is past
daylight savings time. This trade just
happened the other day. So what do we
do? We're watching to see the breakout.
Look, a huge breakout. Absolutely
massive, right? So we get that big
impulsive move. Let's take our Fibonacci
right here from the bottom to the top,
the swing high to the swing low. Well,
this one is definitely below 50%. We're
actually catching an entry on this one
all the way down here around 90%
retracement. Okay, so we're getting a
huge pullback. Why do I want a huge
pullback? Because I was seeing big red
candles. You can see these big red
candles right there. It entered the
trade, but I was vibe trading, man. I
was moving this down, right? My initial
entry was up here, right at the top of
the range, but I pulled it down here.
Why? because we had this level of
support down here, right? This is where
we can get away from the mechanical.
Right? If you took the trade right at
the top of the range like we've been
doing, you might have lost this trade.
But when I saw these huge red candles, I
was thinking, all right, I still want to
catch an entry here. But these candles
are telling me price is slamming down.
So, I waited for price to come down. I
had this level of support mapped out
right here. So, I entered my trade at
this position right there. and it also
happened to be at the EMA. And when I'm
trading the 5minut time frame, I like
the 200 EMA. So, let's go ahead and play
this out. You could see here we went up
and we didn't smash a takerit. Why?
Because I didn't really have a takerit.
Maybe I was going to target this level
up here, right? I wasn't sure. I was
trading live watching the price action
on my stream. You'll see how I do it if
you ever come. And so, I waited at that
level. I felt like we created a new
level of resistance when we pushed off.
So, at that point, I said, I'm going to
take that as my take-profit if price
ever reaches it. And you can see price
reached it right there. And that's a
good one to two riskreward ratio that I
did live on stream in front of thousands
of traders. Now, I hope this one minute
scalping strategy helps you with your
scalping. If you have any questions,
leave a comment below. If you like the
strategy and you want to automate it,
check out tradewithpat.com. The set file
I used in the back test will be provided
in the video description. Obviously,
always check out my VIP trading room. I
send trades like this in there every
single week as well. Now, I'm not
finished with you. Maybe watch this
video right here and I'll be back next
week. Much love. Five.
