This video is not going to be that fancy
 
but the knowledge which you are about to get here is
something that you definitely must watch.
And in this particular video we will
break down our Ethereum trade.
But breaking down a trade, watching trade videos
is a very different thing.  But
understanding the logic and concepts behind it and
how to apply it in your actual trading is
one of the most important points
that we are going to learn here.  We
will learn correlation theory.  We will learn
how induction works.  We will learn
how to get multiple confirmations based on EMA.  And apart from this there
is a lot of learning.  It depends on
how carefully you learn things,
make notes and move ahead.  Will
not waste much time.  There's going to be raw video.
But you will literally get a lot to learn.  Let's
go straight to the video.  Let's
start.  The video is going to be completely raw.  Everything will be in
front of you.  You will see, understand
and you will also learn one such thing in this video
which I and many of my professional
friends, you know some of the friends
who are very famous in the industry and
all of them use this thing somewhere or the other.
You will understand that too.   The
entire video is going to be a kind
of puzzle from the beginning till the end.  You have to find out what that
thing is.  I will explain it in the end.  Do
n't jump directly to the video
because it is going to be varied so that you can
understand each and every thing step by step.
Ok?  Let's screen it and let's
get into it.  Ok?  Ok.  So this is the Ethereum
trade.  My entry was 'It's somewhere here in
this zone'.  I had told you that
after the breakout there will be a retest.
In the retest, I will plan my
entry and then how it moves after that, the
result is in front of us.  If we
look at the total, he has given a total move of around
54%.  It's not easy.  Ok?  But if
you see such a big move on, how many days has the major move
come?  Major move has come 1 2 and
three.  How much movement did you get in just three days?
43% within 3 days Now you must be thinking that
even the new people who are watching it, okay
this is the chart and you know it is very easy to
make a chart, now to verify you
go to YouTube where you know
this is my main channel, go here and open
which video, this video ETH
USDT Explosion Trade Incoming, here
I had told the complete breakdown
before it happened, then the price was running around $794,
okay?  After that, the
biggest problem people face is that sir, I am
not able to hold the trade.  I am
not able to hold profits.  You
will see its result in this video.  No not this one this one
is the USDT and Nifty 50
trade analysis.  What was in it?  Basically
my entry was I think it was around some what
182 or something like that.  There was an entry on this
and a second.
[Music]
Now entry was somewhere here.  The trade even made me
cry a little.  The trade went into profit and
then into loss.  If you
go and see in the community, one day when I thought a little bit here, the
price level had reached here.  It Was Around How
Much?  1883 here it showed a
profit of something like $850, not 23, sorry.
The trade later went back
to a loss of $800 from $850.  At that time, it may
come to people's mind that I wish I had
booked today with a profit of $850.
But I was like fine SL will come no problem.
Then after that the trade
went into profit of something like $2300.  Then after that
she went back to a profit of $850.  So,
whatever up and on is happening, it might
seem very sideways to you right now.  But
if we do this in one hour, you will
see that there are no small moves.  There
are huge moves and many markets have
tested their patience here.  Look, it was a very long
breakout.  Here there is huge profit then loss
then profit then loss then profit loss.  This
continued.  But the logic was that either we will
accept the stop loss or
accept the target.  We don't want anything in between.
And since now I am going to tell you the
complete breakdown of what
logic has been used in this particular trade.
Although you know, right now I feel that
when your trade goes into profit,
you always feel that I should
take a bigger quantity.  I had funds as well
but I was also prepared for the worst case scenario
so it was almost like a win
win situation for me that if the market had gone
down further from there even if Ethereum had halved
I was like okay technically
you shouldn't take such a big supposition.  But
I was like okay.  Okay, I'm not going to lie right now.
Everything is transparent here.
But the probability was very high.  If you go and
see, you will see it in both the videos.   Why I will tell
you.  Now let us go straight
to the breakdown and let us understand what
logic was involved in it.  Look, first of all as
many people know there is this term which
is called inducement zones.
Ok?  Now How I Look Inducement Is?
What does induction mean?  Greed.  Now,
if you become greedy for anything,
what will happen to you?  Suppose you get greedy with lattes.
And there is one particular thing, let's assume
a car as an example.  There is a particular
car.  There is only one car.  Too many people are
greedy that I should get it, I should get it
, I should get it.  What will happen?
Building wars will come.  And the price will go up
rapidly.   This is the only kind
of theory that
you have to understand.   The
actual meaning of inducement is
greed.  Whenever people show greed for any particular thing, the
price will shoot up from there.
You know See This will shoot up.  Will shoot up.
Now that is the first thing.  So
to identify the inducement zone, the first
thing you need to do is look for zones from where the price has made an
impulsive move.  Now understand that
moving in such a consolidation way is a different thing.
Growing like this is a different thing.
Impulsive moves.  Ok?  The second thing is that
after the zone when the price has moved up from there
, the price has to consolidate well.  A lot of
consolidation has to be done.
And after consolidation, the same zone is
actually your
induced.  I will show you two of my biggest trades.
You have already seen it live.  Secondly,
this was shared with my students.  I had him
explain it to me.  I
always explain everything in live charts.
So I will just show you if I
mark it here.
Ok
?  Can we see, if I do it weekly then it will
look better.  Because actually I
looked in weekly time frame.  Here you
see, one week, two week, three week, four week
impulsive move has come.  The price is pretty much
consolidated here.  Then here
comes the impulsive move.  And going forward it has
increased to an extra level.  Ok?
Fine.  What did Price do after that
?  What is this called?  It's called
consolidation.  Price consolidated here.
Now the candles are made very large.  So
you might be thinking, hey, this is just a small
consolidation.  No it's not you know a small
range.  It's a huge range.  If we see,
it is 385 days.  There is a one year consolidation.   More than that.
Right?  55 hours.   Was it enough to
consolidate so much?
Absolutely yes.  Was it a very good
inducement zone?  Absolutely yes.  Ok
?
Now this was my first confirmation.  And I am
not using this one.  Same thing if I
will show I will show you.  I took a trade for
Future Star.  It's done now.  So
whatever students there are, they will come and tell that if
they are watching then they will come and comment
that yes I had seen it.  If you are a student of any class
then please comment that
you were in that class which is already
marked.  Same kind of a thing had happened
in Reliance consolidation went
down consolidation went down dot level which
zone was this inducement zone.  How much
percent did you increase from your inducement zone?
Stocks like Reliance
28% and those who know and are tracking
on Instagram, I had taken a very big
position here.  It was not just Reliance, there was
equity and portfolio wise a
huge position was taken here on 7th of
April Monday, the moment when I thought in
options I made around 4.5 lakh and 4.5
and 5 lakh something, you must have seen.
What zone was this?  This was an inducement zone.
Ok?  It is one concept I have been using for a long time.
Anyways this is my way
of looking at it.  I am not thinking someone else may also
tell something else sir.  You
will search industry don't.  You learn a lot of
things.  But this is how I did it.  This is not a one-time thing.
Apart from this, I have traded thousands of times.
Does this happen again and again?   Let me show you
one more.  I removed one more.
He even went live.  HDFC
Bank is not a new business.
This is an old trade.  I'll just show
you.  Four Hours, If I'm Not
Wrong.
You?  Yap my friend.  It is there.
This is like it was almost a
bookish
thing.  See the rally.  Which Zone Was That?
Inducement zone.  How do you remember all this?   Because these are
the actual trades which have been
taken.  Alright now.  Enough I have explained to you
about inducement.  You know, we will
also make a full dedicated video on this later.
So that you can understand this concept more deeply.
But this was the first
confirmation.  Ok?  When It Comes to This
Ethereum Trade.  Now let's get back.  Second
confirmations
come on the daily time frame.  Which Ema Is This
8:30 as many people know is not exactly 8:30 today.  I have been
using it for years.  I had prepared it earlier
also.  I have tweaked it a bit.
Earlier it was 830.  Now I have
increased the EMA from 30 to 33.  Some
Reason and It's Going Very Well for Me.
Very well for me.  Ok?
Now this pay if you will see then the
confirmations were daily time frame and
half.  First See the Range of the
Year.  Once this rain happened here.
Understand.  Ok?  I mean,
from what perspective was I very confident in this?
Once upon a time, it took a negative turn here.  What
normally happens is that
if the price has to go up, then the price does
not go up all at once.  Price needs a
halts.  Ok?  What We Call a Swing Take.
So if Price were to continue further.
The price had gone down.  Two, the
structure broke here.  And bl bl bl there are a
lot of things.  But anyways let's
not get into that.  First let us understand M EMA in
simple terms.  Then here EMA
positive try happened.  That is, if I should have continued.  I could have
continued but it did
not continue.  What happened here?  It
went down.  And when was it down last
time?  It was
January
2025.  How many
days?  Because the price was here then.   How
many
days?  106 days.  Continuously for 106 days,
every time he was short shot
short shot EMA was stretched quite a bit.
This is a very good stretch.
After this situation arises, two things happen.   The
first thing is EMA will become
completely positive which has already happened.   The
second thing is that even if it has not happened then EMA will go
up and trap it and then it might continue
again.  What has happened here.  So
in both cases the chances were very high that
if I don't make such a big move then at least ever
made till here around $2.
Ok?  That was first things then let's get it
a weekly time
frame.  The price was bearish on the weekly time frame.
Price still ranging on weekly time
frame.  But when it came here then
if I want to
short Ethereum on weekly time frame.  Now for a
minute let's forget about the fact that this is a weekly time
frame.  Let's see it as a 5 minutes time
frame.  If this was a 5 minute trade, today
I would have taken a trade in Nifty on the same logic.
So Nifty is short here, sorry Ethereum
is short here.  I would have found the next shorting
zone here.  That is,
in the retest of 30 EMA.  So if we look from here
till here, then we have a very good room already in the
weekly time
frame and if you see here then it is not
that this candle is very bullish but
again the EMA had become very stretched,
if it had not reached even the 8th EMA then it would have been
around $200 $2000 here also.  So all in all it was I hope
you are able to connect the
dots.  The concept I am using.   I will
tell them what the exact concept is.  The
students must have found out.
They know this thing but actually you don't worry.
Ok?  This was the second kind of thing.
And if you go and watch that video then you will find it
out that I had already
said that at least if not 2700 is gone.
I was not like that only 2700 would go.
So I had said that this can go by.  Meaning,
if we see more confirmations now that why I was so
confident in this trade.
But even if he removes it, let's see only the
technical point of view.  So I was very
confident that it would retest at least up to $2400
and it did reach here.  I will
make very good money and I made it.  Right?
$25,000 Is Not Big Not a Small Amount Could have been two times
bigger.  But it's fine.
Looking at the account, there was a 25% return.  It's very
good.  Ok?  Because I think the account had
$9,000 or something like $95,000 in it then.  Now it's
not $80,000 something.  $80000 Something Like That.
Now it has reached $1,9000.
Calculate it according to your needs.
Anyways now if we see what was the thing this was a thing this was a thing that okay
fine.   Did
I use anything else in the confirmation of the technicals?  Let me just see.
Ah yes yes yes that was another thing.  This is
200 EMA or daily average.  Look around this too.
Yes, the same range has been
stretched a bit upwards, but it was somewhere
around $2500, so it's like weekly 30
and daily 200 was almost at the same level,
so if you see, let's try to understand,
okay, starting from one, number
one I had
induction, first point, second thing and
that is, right now the accuracy of induction in weekly is
very good.
Trade is not available quickly.  You may get trade in 1 month or 2 months.  The
accuracy is amazing
on the weekly time frame.  Weekly only.  Ok.
We saw in Four Hours in HDFC Bank but
weekly is like crazy.  Ok.  Then we
had
8 and 8:30
daily confirmations.
8:30
Sorry weekly confirmation then
we have 200 daily confirmations now if we just
look at the chart chart basis we have
four
confirmations one is on price action basis
and second three confirmations are on the
EMA and EMA is a strong thing because it is an
average weight something is wrong I
think my but camera is right or what I don't know something happen
camera is
not working happen I guess
to you back or back anyway so this is the
thing four confirmations we have seen on
weekly time frame now let me remember
and some confirmation was also there
probably 16
monthly not monthly I did not see the confirmation, I had not seen
12 months I had not seen it anyway
these were just four confirmations
now other
confirmations coin market cap now this is my
personal experience okay okay
back something happen to me was a stranger.
Anyway, if we look at BTC, all the
people who
are already in the market since 2015-16-17,
my first entry into the crypto market was
in 2016 when ZP's first account was created.
Something is happening in the camera English
Anyways First account was created since then I am
you know in to crypto currency on and off on
and off Anyways
Bitcoin and Ethereum.  After Bitcoin, the
biggest cryptocurrency has been
Ethereum.  And I think this usually happens since 2018
if the
market cap of Bitcoin is let's say $ billion.  So the
market cap of Ethereum is going to be 50 billion, if not
50 billion, then at least 30 to 40 billion.
Ok?  Old people might know
this.  If we look now, the
market cap of Bitcoin has reached 2 trillion.  So,
Ethereum should be worth $1
trillion if not $1 trillion then at least let me just
change the window sorry I had to
change the
window
[music]
right now cryptocurrency prices
just a
second alright back sorry alright so Ethereum
's price is this 2 trillion pe.  Let's say it should be at
least $1 trillion.
Ok?  Even if it is not at $1 trillion,
it should at least be $900 billion and if
not $900 billion, then it should be at least $600
billion.  Now this is around how
much?   It's already
$3 billion.  When we
saw it, it was around
200 billion.  So this means if we look from 200 to 600, then at that
time Ethereum
is almost worth $00.  So 18 * 3 then the
price will be around I will come to $5100
between $5000 to $6000 based
on the
fundamentals that have been happening so far.
How much was Ethereum trading at in the past?
Its valuation should have been around $5000
but it was actually trading at $1800.
Now this acted as a very strong
points.  Meaning, there are some trades of this type
where I do
not go aggressive but I go aggressive.   You
can call it a big risk if normally if
I am taking a risk of 10% of my capital, let's say
you know, a big trade, the position trade, let's say the
plan is to hold it for two, three, four,
five months, you know, if I am going aggressive, let's say if I just say
10%, it is very high
10%, but let's say no, if I am going 10%, then in
such a situation I can go 15%, also not
recommended, right now you do not know
how much total capital I have, that capital in which I am
taking 15%, what
part is it actually, it could be 10% of my total capital, it could be
5%, it could be 20%.  You don't know.
So don't judge me on this.  But the point I'm
trying to explain here is that
while there are so many affirmations, fundamentally
the strongest affirmation I've had with my
experience also came from experience.
And technically I had four confirmations.  So
if you tell me in any trade if there are
five confirmations and you know the
fundamentals then this is something that I have been
tracking for a long time.  I Understand
Ethereum Very Well How Does Ethereum Work
?  What exactly is Ethereum?
Ethereum is a blockchain.  Ether is a token.  You
know what nature it follows
?  I Had to
Go and It Went Very Well for Me.  Now let
us come to the main point.  Exactly what
concept is used here?  It is called
I call it a correlation
theory.  This is one thing, there is one
student of mine.  His name is Mohit.
He always says that Sir, this
concept of yours has changed my trading
drastically.  He was in a
2024 batch 24 and problem 2023 September
batch
and and it is not just one and there are many
students like this.  Now what the causal theory
tells us is that
we have to correlate things and see
how many things are telling us to do the same thing.
For example, if
you see a trade from let's say let's say, then
probably you know if it is going
downwards and you want to short, then
what you can see is that this market is
already on a downtrend.
Ok?  Now you feel like shorting.
This will add support as a resistance.
That's fine.  There is a possibility that the EMA may be
rejected here.  That's the second
confirmation.  And you also see that the price
action is down.  There is complete
liquidity lying on it.  So that means this
whole area will act as a very good short
trigger that three confirmations.  So it's
basically up.  Similarly, you know you might have
other EMS confirmations.  Or
you know it, the price has consolidated quite well here.  Then now this same thing has become an
indulgence zone.  So now you have got
one two three four.  I'm sorry for the
bad handwriting.  But I want to get the
point.  We got four confirmations.   In
this way we are trying to correlate the
things so that everything is coming to one place and
correlating.  And then multiple
things are you no telling you to go short.
Rather than just that yes, okay, it is
on a down trend.  This support becomes resistance, I will
short the price here.   No no.  The
probability of this trade playing out is 50%.  That is a
matter of a higher level than technicals.
According to probability, this
part where you are taking five confirmations
also has a 50% chance of playing out.
Because if there is 100% chance then
why would I not invest my entire capital?
I had $80,000 from, let's say,
78 something something.
Why didn't I take the full trade?  I could have gone long 100
Ethereum or long 200 Ethereum if I wanted to.   Why
?  That is a printing.  Ok?
Whatever happens, we have to manage our risk.
But does this thing
actually help to build confidence or
not? Yes, confidence is increasing in this particular date.  There
are more chances of it being a plate.  And repeatedly it
becomes your habit and becomes your style.
Ok?  I hope you understand.
This is how you have to, if you actually
want accuracy then start correlating things.
Now I will give you an
exercise to do which will change you,
you know your entire trading from here, the
exercise you should follow is from now on if you are
scalping, there will not be two confirmations,
you will not take the trade, if you are
taking intraday trade and this is for all my
students also if you are doing intraday trade, there will not be
three confirmations,
you will not take the trade, now now now now I know when will you get to
see such situations?  Two reasons will be
found due to two regions.  Firstly, if you pay
more attention to the chart then you will
see things and secondly, you will not
see them again and again.  Will not be seen again and again.  Over
trading will stop.  If you get a trade after a long time,
you will also have to hold that trade for some time.
Because now if you get so much intelligence in trading then you will
not cut it quickly.
All the things, all the errors that you make, you will
fix them with this thing.  If you are swing
trading, try to give four to five
confirmations.  Do
this exercise and don't
do too much.  Don't listen to me.  Now, let's just say for
how many trades?  Let's just say for 30 trades.
30 trades.  Let's not
round this number so that we can find out.  40
trades.  It will not be 30.  40 trades.
Just try it for 40 trades.  Look at 40 scalps.
If you are scalping someone then make a
40 intraday trade plan.  40
Make a swing plan.  Anyway, try following this for 40 trades.
And then let me know when your 40 Death Hotels go
in the comments section.
If you are standing here right now, you will
reach here from here.  You will
see such a big drastic change.  And
learn any concept.  It doesn't matter.  You
use basic price action.  There are
so many things involved in price action.  Support becomes
resistance, market structure,
candlesticks, many things are there.  So
follow basic price actions, follow smart money
concepts or follow chart patterns.
Just follow EMA, it doesn't matter.   You are
just doing EMA.  Look, there should be three-four EMA
confirmations.  Then I will
take the trade.  If there is a swing, there should be four EMA confirmations.
Meaning there should be four confirmations on EMA.  If it
is intraday then there will be three
confirmations.  There are two encapsulations and two
confirmations.  I will not take a trade without two confirmations.
Ok?  Scalping is a theory.  I
use it, it is much better than yesterday.  Today I
also took Nifty on the same basis.  It's
called time frame confluence.  I
will tell you more in this video.  It is almost like
we are collating multiple times.
And you are going to see drastic change.
And that was it.  This was the whole breakdown
of this trade.  How I made it.  And when
you do such deep analysis and research
, then you will also be able to trust me,
you will also gain confidence.  And you will
also learn to hold the position with confidence.
Because think about it, when it is my analysis,
my past experience, it
plays a big role.  Because past
experiences have told me
how experience moves.  Why did I name
that particular stream
Ethereum Explosion Trade?  Why I had
put the name Explosion.  Explosion means
I knew that when the move comes, it is going to be very
impulsive.  Because this is how the
Ethereum moves.  No one taught me that.
My own experience.  I have done probably
500 to 1000 trades or maybe more than
that.  Paying Ethereum.
Scalping swing all together so
I know how it moves.  Ok
?  So that was the thing and because of that I have got
the confidence.  In this way, when you have confidence,
you will be able to hold the trade.  And the
second thing is, even if you are not gaining confidence right now, then just
accept that
discipline is the one thing.  Stop loss
is planned.  The target has been planned.  Stop
loss has turned into profit.  Break and
drill done.  That's fine.  But if there is
no profit in any trade.
But we are afraid.  do
not fear.  Place a stop loss.  What will happen to this
?  Stop losses are like the
cost of operating a business.  Ok?  Will
you do business?  There will be losses anyway.  A stop loss was placed.
It's fine.  It cost 200.  It's
fine.  And that was it.  I'll understand.
All the best.   Om Om Om Om
