This video is going to be a very serious video.
 
Understand it carefully,
focus carefully, make notes, and understand
why trading is so difficult, why
most people make losses,
why it happens that even well-educated
people come and do stupid
things, and why it is so difficult
to make money with trading. So, without any delay,
let's start the
video. So, first of all, if you are
thinking of trading, then first of all, ask yourself
why you want to do it. Why is it
important? See, if your only aim is to
earn money, in reality,
everyone wants to earn money. Every person is
working for money. If we look at the reality,
but there are other ways to earn money.
Earning money is limited to one aspect only,
after that, some things beyond it come on top of it.
For example, right now in my case, I am doing very well in
my life. Now, for me, there are
some things which are
more important than money. That is why
I have done so many such things, if I had to tell them.  So many
promotional campaigns
came up saying promote this, promote that,
but I did not do it. The simple
reason behind it is that there are some things which are
beyond money. So now you have to understand
that there are other ways to earn money.
Why do you want to specifically get into trading?
This is the first important aspect. If
you really want to do trading and you might be thinking that this is a
very normal thing after hearing this, it
means that it is fine. There can be other reasons also,
but no, you need to be actually serious about it.
You will have to be serious. So if it is
only about money, then understand that there are
other ways to earn money. You
can do business. There are so many things in business itself
that you know there is an end number of
ways to make money. Why trading? You need to be
specific. If you have it in your mind that you are
not doing trading only for money, but for the
freedom, the growth
potential that is there in it, or if I will suffer a loss, and if
I do not make money for two-three years, then
also I will not trade.  I will leave it, I will do it, I will understand the
charts, I will
understand the market, if not today then tomorrow I will make it, if
this aspect is there it is good for you now
after this aspect comes, now the next reason
why most people lose money, for this
we will have to go a little back
[music]
alright, so now if you
remember your childhood days, what have you always been
told through your family,
we are middle class, lower class, look at the
elite class, I don't know about it because I have not been in the
elite class,
correct, gradually I am realizing it, but
we are all middle class, lower class people, so
what are we told now,
study more, you will go very far,
work harder, you will go very far, get a lot of knowledge about the
thing you want to learn, get a
lot of knowledge about it,
get a lot of knowledge, the more knowledge you get, the more
knowledge you get, the more you will go. This is the
reality, second thing if you are told that
you want to learn something, then work very hard,
if you are working hard for an hour then
Leave aside an hour, you will work hard for two hours and you will get good
results. You will work for four hours and you will get
good results. You will work for 10 hours and you will get good results. You will work for
18-20 hours and you will get good results.
Both
things are absolutely correct,
but this is the biggest
problem. And right now, whatever I am about to
tell you, you may
not be able to relate to it because right now, I have come to this conclusion after a lot of
experience, after analyzing all these things, after meeting and
talking to many people, after
trading myself, after journaling and many
things. So,
even if you do not realize this thing right now,
if you do not realize it now, then you will realize it later.
But the reality is trading is exactly the
opposite of this. All the professions in the world
can be the same. For example, if you want to become a
doctor, you want to become a doctor, study more in the field you are
studying and gain
more knowledge. Clear NEET, clear this,
clear that and you will become the
best doctor. To become the best doctor, you need to do
more for that.  Knowledge will be required. If you want to
become an engineer, do the same thing. If you want to do business, do the
same thing. Get more information.
Gain more knowledge so that you know more things
and you will do very well. Excel very
well in that.
If you take up any profession, it is the
same scenario for all of you. More knowledge, more
hard work will increase your chances of success.
Trading is totally opposite. Now
why is it opposite? Let me explain to you an example.
Suppose there is a person who
thought of trading. You understand this.
You must have understood that all the
professional traders do
not have many such things. Their
setup, their psychology is very simple. They know what to do
and they do the same thing again and again
on a repetitive basis. There may
not be a specific strategy. There are different strategies according to different market conditions.
Sometimes something else
works well, sometimes something else works better, but the
No, what is their zone and
they just keep doing the same thing again and again.
They also know many other things besides that,
but they do only what is
in their knowledge. They only know that.
Yes, all this is
going well for me and I have to work on this only. That's the
knowledge you have. You learned
trading from the beginning. How do you learn? You
learn from books.
Very few people use books. Mainly, you
know trend lines, you know chart patterns,
you know support resistance,
you also understand the smart money concept.
You have learned 1000 things. Now you are looking at the chart and
what do you see? This
chart is falling down. Oh, there is support below,
but the chart is making a lower low. I do
n't understand whether I should buy at support or short if it is making a lower low. Oh, it is
also making a head and shoulders. The
market can fall from here. But hey, this is an
important support zone where a
reverse can also happen.
I don't know how much you can relate to it,
but it is  The reality is of more knowledge.
Now what a person did was that he
started trading and understood everything. He learned everything.
What happened by learning everything? He gained
more knowledge. Now
he is seeing more things on the charts.
He is getting more confused.
So, more knowledge here in trading, more
knowledge, more
confusion will lead to losses. That is, if you gain more
knowledge, you will see more things on the charts.
You will become more confused. If you become more confused, then
either you will
not be able to execute or
your execution will be bad due to fear.
And in that process, there is a chance that you will incur
losses. Similarly, if a person
knows only one strategy, only one
strategy: this is support, the
market will come here. I have to buy this, this is my
stop loss. I am going to be out of the market
here or using the trap concept. So,
when there is a stop loss,
after that I will get entry again. I will enter again.
And this is my target. Apart from this,
whatever is happening in the market, lower lows are being made.  It is
forming a higher low, a trend line is
coming, a chart pattern is forming, a
retracement is coming, here
some pattern of candlesticks is forming, it does
not matter to me because I do not know anything.
If we combine these two people, then this is the second
person, the one who knows only one thing,
his chances of success are the highest. If
I tell you one thing right now that I know no one
person and I myself have experienced this thing,
we can make a
trade plan without looking at the chart, without looking at the chart
and I executed many trades like this
without looking at the chart, the
numbers are like flip, so what only you
use to do is to observe the
numbers for a while, first of all, it is not that you
just enter it, then you do not
use to observe the numbers,
how the numbers actually move, I am telling
you in very easy language, so now if you
see, if a person can
make money like this only on the basis of numbers, if he can
catch the momentum, then it means that  The
same thing happens, and if you
change the conditions even slightly, the strategy may become a little
dynamic, but
mainly it depends on the same thing. So,
in trading, if you really want to, then
you can learn everything; there's no
problem. But after learning everything,
you do a backtest;
after doing the backtest, if you understand
that you are getting results, then
after that you don't need anything else;
you just have to be consistent in that thing; do it
again and again and again and again; and
after that, while doing it, you will
improvise on your own; yes,
this thing works like this, but in mine, it is working a
little better; and this is how you will get your edge. This
is rule
number one. The second thing is if you
work harder, more hard work means you are spending more
time on the charts; you will have to put in the effort in the initial phase,
but when it comes to
executing actual trades, the
more hard work you put in, the more trading you will do and the
more losses you will incur.  It's simple: overtrading
means practicing on short charts,
understanding the charts,
it's very fine, it's a totally ingrained thing.
Even if you do it for 10 hours, it's still less. But when it comes to
actually trading,
if you're constantly sitting on the charts and pressing buttons, working too hard, thinking, "I'll
capture it right now, I'll capture it right now,
then I'll enter, then I'll capture it, I'll lose it, then I'll capture it
again." If you
work too hard, you'll end up with a huge loss. So, the
two most
important things we've been told in one of our upbringings are that if you
work harder, you'll
make more money. If you work harder here, you'll incur
more losses. Because of the
overtrading, the second thing is, gain more knowledge. If you gain
more knowledge here,
you'll have more confusion, and you
'll lead to losses. So,
understand this a little bit. I hope these videos are helping you, even if you're not
understanding them, then
Event then you learn it yourself, this is the reality,
tell me how you liked the rest video and
that was it, I have you know tried that you can get
a direction and you understand real trading
and keep moving forward slowly in the same pathway by
taking steps on your own and yes
you must share this video with your friends
or with those people
whom you want to see whether they move forward or
not because this will actually
help them to get the right way, yes this
is the right way, this is how to move forward, best
