If we talk about the results,
 
Bank Nifty has
fallen by 3500 points from that particular point. Hello everyone,
how are you? Today we will
talk about a candlestick whose
accuracy can go up to 80, sometimes even 90.
If you understand it properly and
execute your trade, it is very simple,
very easy to understand, and very
effective. So
before we start, first of all, I am sorry for one thing that
you have not been able to see any such learning videos or anything for 15-20 days. I was
traveling, swing
trading was also going on, there were many things to
manage simultaneously, due to which I did
not get time. I definitely tried and a
very good video was shot. Now as they say, there is
a good in every evil. So
I shot a video, but it could not be edited.
I was traveling and got busy, but the
benefit of it is that while
I was teaching and explaining to you about that candlestick,
after that we also  We've seen
how the market actually behaves,
and you'll understand its accuracy with life-
proof in this video. So, let's
not waste time. Let's get to the
video. With this one candlestick, you
can take scalping trades. With this one
candlestick, you can take intraday trades.
You can take swing trades. You can
make positional trades. You can understand that if the
market has been like this throughout this month,
what could be my planning for the next month. So,
we'll
try to cover all the dynamics in this video and
understand how this particular
candlestick works, how to increase its accuracy, and how we can trade the market effectively with just one simple thing. This candlestick we're talking about is
called a dominance candle. Now, this
candlestick has been given many other names, but
ultimately, its job is to
tell you who has dominance.
Okay, and the word dominance comes from  Hope
you understand the
exact meaning of the word dominance. Dominance means someone who is
in control and who is in power.
When you plan your trading, you need to understand that
when you are about to enter the market,
if you stay on the side of the person who controls the market,
your chances of making a profit are higher compared to the
person who is
not in favor of the person in control. Sometimes there are ups
and downs. Okay, and
before we start, I will tell you a simple truth.
You might think, "Man, it is so
elementary, it is so simple, how can this happen? How can there be such a
simple way to do
or understand?" So, boss, the reality is that
things here are very simple, but
things are complicated so that
you feel, "No, yes, friend,
things here are actually very difficult, it is
not that easy." We will have to learn some very
high-tech things first. And all the
beginners who are watching this, if you find this very
simple, then trust me, this is so simple.  It
is very simple, okay, and if you think that no, no,
this simple thing will not work for
me, then I will have to learn a lot of difficult and complicated things, so
if you
go to learn something complicated,
learn from anyone, join a paid class, join a
course, purchase a strategy
from someone, do anything, you just ask them this much
or understand this much that will I have a
stop loss in this, will I have a
100% win rate in this, the answer is that you can
follow any strategy in the world, this is a
100% thing,
follow any strategy in the world, your stop loss can be applied in it
anytime, at any given moment, it can
turn around and along this line,
I understood this after a long time, I
mean, understand this, after making a lot of losses,
and when I met many people, met
millionaires, met billionaires,
talked to many trader friends who are
already doing very well in the market
and they are well known also, so  One point, this
conclusion has been understood very well
that professional traders are
risk managers, very good as compared to whether they are
using any secret strategy. So, boss, when we know
that the whole game is about risk management, and
after that, we have to focus on our psychology and
focus on a system. So, there is
no need to complicate it too much. It is a simple thing and it will work well. So, let's
talk about one such simple thing -
dominance candle. First, let's understand its base.
Understanding its base is very
important, otherwise, if the base is not clear to you,
you will not be able to understand anything further. Meaning,
you will not be able to relate to things
that, friend, if it is okay, I want to take a trade.
Okay, so a dominance candle has been formed. Drawing-wise, it is
different, but knowing
its exact meaning is different.
So, right now you can see on my screen
that this is a very simple
chart and in this simple chart, there are many
candlesticks formed.  So, we first
understand the core of a dominance candle, then how to
apply it. How to apply it
to scalping, how to apply it to intraday,
how to apply it to swing,
how to apply it to positional trading,
and in fact, it yields excellent swing
trades. Trust me, I'm
sharing my experience. It
works incredibly well. If you look at my screen now, what you'll see is that there are a
lot of candlesticks here.
First, let's understand the core of a dominance candle. The
core of a dominance candle
means this: a particular candle. Suppose it
opened here.
Okay, now what a candle is, it describes the
behavior of the price. Suppose a
particular thing opened here and then
closed here. The
price closed from here to here. What did
you understand from this?
Don't look at it from this perspective at all. Are there buyers or sellers?
Nothing. What do you see here? Is there an aggressive
buyer or an aggressive seller? Because look, the
reality is that if there is a buyer  So there will obviously be a seller,
without both of them a
transaction is never complete, so there is
only buyer, only seller, we cannot say
this thing, but we can understand that there are
aggressive buyers. Now if someone is buying,
suppose I want to buy something at ₹10, then I will be
able to buy only when someone is ready to sell.
For example, at
what level did Bank Nifty close right now? It closed at 538.34.
Suppose at
5383, I feel that buying is going to happen
and tremendous buy orders come here
and a big dominance candle is formed here. In
this way, this transaction will settle only
when at 53000, suppose I am going to
buy aggressively, then someone will be
ready to sell. If
no one sells, then the order will not be cleared, so it
means the market will remain paused there, then either
I will have to increase my value
or the seller will have to pay at my rate.
You understand the point, this transaction is always between
two parties.  It is complete, it cannot be done singly,
so we cannot just say buyer,
okay, but ultimately what we understand
here is that a particular price has
opened here, it has closed here, it means
buyers are more aggressive, when you know that
buyers are aggressive, buyers are in control, then
whose side would you like to be on, would you like to be on the buyer's side
or on the seller's side,
obviously you would like to go on the buy side, that's it, so
a dominance candle is
formed like this, now what is a perfect dominance candle, a
perfect
dominance candle does not have such big wicks,
although this is also a candle of the dominance category,
but
we can call it a perfect dominance candle, and I am
teaching you on the live chart, this is fine, you can
call it this perfect dominance
candle, and you know, a small one, on the
initial face, what I want you to do, I
mean you plan your risk according to your own,
but I want you
not to do this thing even if you invest money  Do
experiment if you are going to do scalping
or are doing it,
take 100 trades on dominance candle and see, don't bet real
money, okay take 100 trades and see
how many out of 100 trades are going in my favor
and if they are going in my favor then
how much risk to reward am I getting, you might get shocked if you are doing
intraday same thing 100
trades, if you are doing swing trade then
take 30 trades, do a little back test and
see then take 30 trades, I mean it will be fun,
I am telling you literally, now if
we forget everything in the chart, what is support, what is
resistance, just
focus on this particular candle stick, then what will we
understand, bias control not very
well, aggressive sellers, aggressive buyer, aggressive buyer,
aggressive seller, okay,
in the last day of the week when Bank Nifty closed,
what did we see,
aggressive sellers, the price opened here, as soon as it opened, there was a gap
up opening and
along with that  What happened was aggressive
selling or should we say sellers are
aggressive at the market rate. So after the price opened,
from here we saw it going straight down, down, down, down, down,
making a low, and then a little buying came in at the end and
closed here. So, in this particular case,
we did not see any Fore R, did not see any intraday, did
not see anything, only saw that what is
this particular candle
trying to tell us right now? It is
telling us only one thing.
[Music]
Now the good thing is that today, today is Saturday
and you will be able to see how this candle has worked here, exactly,
because the
market has not moved forward yet.
We will understand how the market is going to function on Monday
and we will know whether the market
works or not, this is fine. Now since we know
that there are aggressive sellers here, we have
understood this much. Now when you have understood this,
and it is a very simple thing, friend, when you have
understood this, okay, so many
candlesticks have completely entered my mind.  I mean, right now there are
aggressive sellers, okay, and I
can also tell you the drawing voice,
look at the drawing voice a little like this, no, yes, there shouldn't be a curve at the top, there should
n't be much curve at the bottom,
it should be small or big, but the reality is this,
apply common sense, you will understand yourself, now on the
basis of common sense, these small candles were
forming, correct, look at this candle, it is small,
this candle is small, after that, it
measured the whole thing in one go, it
formed a candle of 500 points, this is okay, so here the seller is definitely
aggressive, but in comparison to the buyer, it
means it is more visible that yes,
in comparison to the buyer, the seller is like even
more aggressive, he has done kind of,
so whenever if you use it for scalping, if
you use it for intraday,
you can use it for swing, so even if
a dominance
candle is formed, now this candle could have been of such a small size,
that too is a dominance candle,
we are not denying it.  But we have to use common sense there.
Okay, the dominance
candle has formed. At a particular time, it
appears that the buyers are aggressive.
But based on how aggressive it is on the basis of the previous candlestick,
you will understand whether I should enter at this time
or not. I hope
you got this point well.
Okay, so it is not like that. We are going to
trade where the dominance candle is being formed.
Obviously, we have to
apply some experience, common sense and logic
there. But it is as simple as that. Okay,
now if I tell you what will happen on Monday, I don't know. You also don't know. No one knows.
Okay, but
based on the past data, what can we expect in the future, i.e.,
Monday. I will tell you
my point. Here, I know
that Neha Market has formed an aggressive red
candle, which we call the
dominance candle, one day time frame.  So
what would my plan be? If the
market opens gap-up right here and goes
straight up, then it's completely invalidated.
Okay, because the market has already gone completely
above that level. But we don't know that that's going to happen. From
my point
of view, I'm just looking at this data nearby,
just on the basis of this data.
Okay, friend, here's a red dominance
candle. If the market opens gap-up somewhere here, or
opens gap-up somewhere here.
Okay, basically, what happens is that when a particular
candle forms, it has a point of
control where heavy volume comes.
You can see this by going to the order flow.
Okay, now how to look at the index? You'll
see it in the index. You'll have to
open a futures chart.
You can look at this on the futures chart. But right now, it's
not visible there. So, we'll
assume that what usually
happens is sometimes the point of control is like this,
around 75
on the end of the candle. And sometimes it happens like this.  It is
at 50 on the end of the candle. Okay, so let's assume
that if this is such a big candle, then at
50, if the market gaps up,
opens flat, or opens slightly
gap down. If the
market comes to 50 or around 40, and if I am given a
short entry, then whether it is
my intraday trade or basically
take a scalp, I will try to go short. I ca
n't call it a scalp,
in scalping, current matter also flows, I have to
look at the current price. It does
n't matter much about daily, but yes, if I have to take an
intraday trade or I have to
take a swing, then I will prefer the short side.
I will not go long
because it is a dominance candle, what is it showing,
aggressive selling has happened. Okay, now I hope
you have understood this
very clearly, I mean, I don't think that
you have understood it in such easy terms, so
if you liked it till now, then like it.
Anyway, let's get back here, you got
this point, that it is okay.  This is a dominance
candle. Now, let's
match a few more things here. Okay, this is a matter of common
sense. For example,
our three quarters have just ended here. The
fourth quarter results are yet to come, but they haven't come yet. So,
if there is a slight ups and downs, the
market may fall a little. Okay, the second
thing is what we are seeing. Was Bank Nifty trading
around the all-time high?
Right? It was the all-time
high last day and then the low the next day, so at the
all-time high. If we are
getting a dominance candle, is there any resistance above it? The
sky is open. We don't know whether the
market will go higher from here or will
fall from here. But because the
market is around the all-time high,
apply some common sense.
If I see aggressive sellers near the all-time high, then
where will I take the trade? Common sense is that
aggressive sellers are seen near the all-time high. If we
see weak sellers, then what does
it mean? No, friend, there are weak sellers,
not right now. Don't mess with anything right now.
It can go higher right now. But  I am an aggressive seller.
What will be my plan now? I will go for
short. This is my personal point of view. Okay,
I am talking about going short. But I am
telling you one thing, I am trying to explain to you that I can go
wrong here.
What will happen if I go wrong? Stop loss will be applied. No problem. It is a
matter of stop plus. But this does
not mean that it does not work. It works
phenomenally. Now this is the
point. Now, since this is also a daily candle, it is
a little difficult for it to get invalidated. It is
not that easy. It will get invalidated so quickly.
Okay. Now if we delete this and do it
here on the one-hour time frame.
I have not seen it yet because right now again I am not doing
index swings
only. So now let us see
where we see dominance candles
here. Okay, one-hour time frame. I have done it.
Where did the perfect dominance candles form? They are formed here. Okay,
but they are formed here. Okay, stop
loss is placed. Okay. Look at the buy side. The
dominance candle was a straight rocket bullish market.
Okay.  This is the dominance candle stop loss
dominance or not strong dominance, this is
visible, so by not accepting this, this is also
not strong dominance, this was strong
dominance, okay, in comparison to the rest it was
B, so this is a valid candle and let's see,
we are just looking at the example, okay
and see, this was a very good candle but the
market invalidated it, fine
no problem and let's see, this particular
candle was very good, then after that the market
went down, now you will see that at this
particular area where the buy-bye
candle was formed, the market has straightened from there, the
sun has woken up, but a stop loss is placed here on the sell side,
now I want to explain to you
your dominance candle here very well, I
want to explain to you the swing,
how to use it in swing, when you know in swing
that the overall price action of the market
is bullish, how to see the price action,
okay, another thing, in today's time,
people feel a little bit that the price action
works or does not work, it is good or not,
we will discuss this in the
video after this.  I will do it. Okay, then after that,
watch the video carefully, whether the price
action works or not. SMC is
good, ICT is good,
whatever is there in the world, everything is good, we will
discuss it all. But anyway, I will tell you here that
if you know that the price
action is bullish and if
you are getting a short trade on bullish price action, then
avoid it. Wait or not, I
only want to take long trades. As long as the
price action is positive, the price action will be
negative, then I will start shorting.
Your confusion at 50 is eliminated.
You can apply this same theory in intraday
that currently the price
action is basically not understood, who is able to understand the price action, is the
market
making higher high, higher low or lower high,
where is the exact trend? How many times
higher high, higher low was made, how many times
lower low was made, lower high. Okay, so now if
you know that the market trend
is completely bullish, then what will you do?
If you have to sit in a moving vehicle, then you can sit somewhere like this on the
basis of dominance candle.  But,
okay, I formed a dominance candle. I know the
price action is bullish. When the
next candle crossed its high, I would place a
trade below it. And
you can get big moves. Easy,
okay, it's visible here, but if you want to
sit in a moving vehicle, you can sit there,
otherwise, you know the market is moving bullish
or there is positive price action. Let the market
take a correction. For example, there is no money right now, so if the
price formed one candle or
two candles here, it would become a rocket.
No, it will go up a little, it will come down, then
it will continue. So, whenever it came down a little,
now you saw, for example, there could be
some support here. Support edge.
Suppose, for example, there was a
resistance, the resistance broke out.
Okay, now you know the market is going completely
bullish. It came back down. That resistance became support, support became resistance.
Price action
concept. Here, a dominance candle was formed. Good
to go. We also need to see for
how long the market has been rising and
how long it has been falling.  Everything has to be
seen, okay, but it is as simple as that, okay,
that practice will come along,
when you give time to the times chart, then
you will get clear on this, but I hope you got
the concept that if it is a bullish market,
we are avoiding short trades in the bullish market,
in swing and intraday we will do
scalping both in swing and
intraday, okay, similarly if the
market is completely bearish and it seems
that the trend is completely negative, then we are
not planning long trades there, we just have to
see that in the market pull back we give
entry in short and if it is visible on the dominance candle then
I will take entry and the
dominance candle is engaging, it is
not a good thing, and if a complete parallel is
formed or we can see that it is not, yes,
now more aggressive sellers have come in comparison to buyers, then we can
take, so these are our
two ways to use, well if someone
uses support resistance then
we can do it, simple, draw your support,
simple  Resistance has been drawn.
If you
see a strong dominance candle near resistance, we can
plan for a short. If you
see a strong dominance candle near support, we can
plan for a long. It is as simple as that.
Okay, so intraday swing is kind of the same.
Okay, but now you have to understand one
point here. On which swing trading are we doing it? We are doing it on a one-
hour time
frame. On which intraday are we doing it? We
will do it intraday. We will see it in 15 minutes, we will
see it in 5 minutes. So, one hour time frame
is stronger as compared to 15 minutes
or 5 minutes. So, in the thing which is stronger,
you will get more chances of seeing trend continuation.
You will get less chances of traps. In the
thing which is a little less strong, there are more
chances of hitting the target, there are more
chances of getting trapped. Okay, so now
you have to decide that if I am
using DOM in both, suppose I took
10 swing trades in both, then here I took 10
intraday trades, this could be  That is,
seven out of 10 of your swing trades will go into
profit. Eight out of 10, I have seen people
going 10 out of 10, so
this way you will  You have to be
prepared in advance that I will take a swing trade.
Now you cannot compare 10 swing trades with 10
intraday trades. It
may take you a week to take 10 swing trades,
or it may take a
month. There are high chances of this.
In a month, you will have taken at least 100 intraday
trades. The correct broker will lose more or the
chances of making a profit are
higher. Therefore, you have to
manage accordingly. The second important thing is risk
management. Risk management is different in both. In
swing trades, you can go a little
extra, but in intraday, you have to
keep a little less than you feel.
Suppose you think I should
take a risk of 2, then take only one. If
you feel that
I will take a risk of 5, then increase it to 2.5. Do it like this. So, in
this way, you
can do swing trading and intraday trading. The
candle is the same, simple, and after this, we
come to the most dangerous thing, which is
scalping.  It looks very good, yet very dangerous.
In scalping, the dominance candle works like
a charm, but my friend,
1:1 is very good luck. If you get 3, 4, 5, 6 above 1:2 and two, it will
measure it in one candle. If you do
n't get it, then a 1:1
candle will be formed. Suppose a dominance
candle is formed, this one goes here, this 1:1 candle is formed and
in the next candle the old one is given. It is okay,
especially this happens more in options,
but if you are scalping, I would
suggest that because its accuracy is good,
but the reward is 1:1, 1:2. For this, you have to set a
target and move ahead. If the market
seems to be rising, then do not exit, trail and move ahead. It is
okay, but the reality,
specifically in scalping, is that if you want to
give big profits to the market, if you are doing it in equity, then it makes a
little more weight.
In a little bit, two or three candles are formed, it goes up to 1:2,
then comes back to 1:1, then again
Continue this happens in options as well but it will be
more so in equities but if we
talk about options then in options if you have to
get 1.45 some times it is achieved in a single candle
because we have seen that in
such markets suppose a dominance candle is
formed such that the premium is running at ₹50 or ₹ and the
next candle came suddenly and the
premium reached 130 you guys have seen this,
correct in the pass so if you want to get big rewards
then you will get them quickly in scalping, there is
no need to show greed at all in scalping, I am telling
you that genuinely scalping is all about
systematic approach,
here no technical thing will
help you out if you
understand because you have to see what is going to happen in the market in the next two to four minutes, there is
no need to read the entire history, we
just have to see that I just enter here
and take it to see if it goes in my favor, so for that we will
need momentum, we will discuss it, don't
worry, okay, but
in some future video.  There should be momentum
in the market right now and your
dominance candle should be formed at a specific
place where it is visible that it has
come near the support, something like the
price action I told you on the basis
and there you make an enter 1:1 1:2 get
out, you will get a big reward, easily you will get it, else
get out that is scalping, so
scalping is almost like HFT, high
frequency trading, it is
exactly like that, whenever we
go for HFT, we do not get a big reward on HFT
because
you will sit to do it in a day, now let us
compare this once, swing and
intraday and scalping, let us compare all three,
okay, if we talk about swing, then
you can take approximately 10 trades
in 15 days, if we talk about intraday, let us
assume that you took three trades in a day,
okay, then in 15 days if we
look at it from that perspective, then there are 45 trades, so we
assume that  Yes, you can take 30 to 40 trades.
Okay,
you can take 30 to 40 trades in intraday
in 15 days. The interval is the same, 15 days.
Correct? If we talk about scalping,
you will see 10 trades in a day in scalping. There is a
person whose name is L.
Brook. According to him, there are
40 potential setups in scalping in a day.
In the market, there can be 40 rates in a day.
Okay, but let's take it from a general perspective.
You are taking six to eight trades.
In scalping, take five and reduce it to
five trades. So, five trades in
15 days, 15 5 75 means that you can take 70 to 75 trades
in how many days?
In 15 days, you can take a little extra risk in this, it will be fine.
But your goal in this is
not that you have to hit a six in one go.
You have to take 75 trades and survive that much. So, it should all be about
Execution systematic approach will not happen,
you will not be able to take the trade, the capital will be exhausted in one trade, I have
explained to you the over point, I have explained to
you the call, I have explained the meaning of all three, it is
clear now your job is two things, first do
its back testing and see
how well it is performing and after that do
its forward testing and
see how it is performing in forward testing, it
seems good,
start trading with small capital,
start with small capital, first test it,
see, make your own proven system,
then after that take a forward approach, so that was it, we will
meet in the next video,
what is the best thing in price action ICT or all these concepts,
how does it work, we will see it, we will be
surprised, see you there, alright, if we
talk about the results, from that particular
point, Bank Nifty has
fallen by 3500 points, means can you
imagine if you see the swing trade also, then 3500
points in Bank Nifty, it is a big, big,
big deal, so this was the complete video, now
what do you do from here, back test it thoroughly, do
forward testing.  Minutes time
frame, 15 minutes time frame, 1 minute
time frame and when you start getting
results automatically in the forward test then you
can continue it further, or that was
the video, I hope you liked it, all the
best
