In lecture two we will understand
 
how to apply EMA to charts.  Now
in this we will see exactly how to apply the settings to the chart.  You will
understand everything as it looks on the charts and the
main purpose of the charts is to make you understand that the same
EMA works everywhere.  Because
ultimately everything has a price.  If
you look at Forex, Forex is also priced.   It is the
price, at the end look at crypto, that is also the
price.  Look at the commodity [music]
is the price.  Look at the index, there is a price.  Look at the stocks
price.  Everything has a price.  [Music]
So wherever price comes, that concept of math will definitely
come which is called
[Music] average.  So ultimately it works
everywhere.  You just need to hold on to one thing and get to work.
Because all two
are prices but the movement of each price is different.
So if you work on a single chart,
you will get a better grip
on the same chart.  Rather than you looking at a lot of
different charts [music].
All right.  That is why professional
traders
prefer to work with only one instrument.  Because we keep
working on the same thing, we get a
good idea of ​​its movements and it is
better for us.  So now I will
take you straight to my screen and
understand each and every thing [music] in detail.
Now we have come to my screen
and now you will see this live chart of Bitcoin is
running.  First of all, let us
understand its settings etc. thoroughly and
how to apply it on the chart.
If
you go to the indicators section, type EMA.  There are
many more besides this.  Now, you have to
choose the first one which is called being average
exponential.  Now if you
go into its settings, by default it is like this.   Let me
explain one thing to you.  In the first length,
you enter the value you want to see and the
average of that value.
If you want to see the average of nine candles, the
default is nine.  What do I prefer
?  At.  If you want to see the average of 60 candles
, you can put 60 here.  It
will show you the average of 60 candles.
If you want to see the average of the last 200 candles, then
you will type 200 here.
It will show you the average of the last 200 candles.
After that the donation has to be kept closed in the source.
This means that
when the candle [music] closes in the market, it will
take that data along with the closing.  Don't
keep it open.  Because
we don't know what is going to happen after the Open.  So it is better that the
price closes completely first and then we
take its data point which remains more stable.
[MUSIC] Leave the offset at zero.
Keep the smoothing at zero as well.
Because it becomes like a double EMA.
If you want to use two EMAs, you can
choose here.  And then there will be two
EMS there.  All right.  So it is better
that you keep it on nun.  Now comes the
matter of time frame.  Now this is a good and important tool but
people do not know about it.
If we talk about the time frame,
if we talk about the time frame, then
you can see the chart here.  If you want me to look at the
time frame, I'll look at 5 minutes.  [MUSIC]
But he showed me the 1 hour 200 moving average.
So if you set one hour here,
then now you can keep any time frame, one
hour, see the moving average of 1 hour is coming here.
Now this means that no matter what time frame you
keep, it will show you only one hour.
You do it for 5 minutes, 3 minutes,
15 minutes, four hours.  It will show 1
hour.  So it's up to you.  If you want, you can do it.
What I prefer is to
keep it in the chart itself.  The meaning of the chart is
that if you are using 5 minutes,
one second this is not the case, let me now the
meaning of the chart is that if we have
applied it on 5 minutes then it is showing us the
average of EMA of only 5 minutes [Music].
If we do it on 1 hour then
it will show us the average of 200 candles of 1 hour
which is coming here right now.
If we make it four hour then
it will show us the average of four hour candle.
So if we look at it now, the market is
running below all the averages.  The ultimate
trend is down.  We will understand this further in detail but in
short you can use it in the chart in
this way.  If this was also
BTC, if we change it [music] and
use gold.  Gold is a Forex
pair.  My favorite pair is XAY
USD Global Commodity.
[MUSIC]
So there's not a lot of manipulation
and the price remains a little stable.  If
we click on Gold now.  Now you see, the
4 hour average of 200 is showing us here in Gold.
If we shift it to one hour, then it has
almost closed below 200 at one hour.  Gold is
bearish from here.  Now on the other
hand if we see this same
[music]
thing in stock.  Let's see one
stock which is called Reliance.  If we
look at Reliance, then Reliance's
price first fell to 200, after that it
consolidated at the same place and there was a direct breakdown.
So now we have looked at Forex,
crypto and stocks.  Now let us
also look at the index.  Look at Nifty 50,
okay Nifty 50 is also looking the same to us.
So right now we are looking at Nifty 50.
If we look at these shorts now, it will remind us of
one more thing in Forex.  Let's also
look at the commodity.  Gold
ok now we have come to silver futures,
in silver futures also that average
is showing you 98000, so the
meaning of looking at these short charts was that we saw that it
works in Forex also, it works in crypto
also, it can work in stocks also, it
works in index also, it
works in commodity also but if you
try to invest everywhere then you will have problem,
it is better when you are an
individual debt trader then you have to
focus on only one chart.
Once you are capable of handling multiple accounts,
you can apply it at multiple places.
But in short this is how it
works.  Now in the next lecture
we will directly understand
how we have to apply the strategy in this.  You will
also understand [music] what exactly my strategy is and how you can create your own strategy.
Hmm
