Silver just had one of the biggest runs
 
in history. It surged over 130% in a
single year, and I've found a consistent
strategy that helps me catch the
explosive moves, giving me some of the
best trades that I've had in years. The
best part, it's beginner friendly. It's
just about getting the right levels to
trade from. Now, I've been trading for
17 years. And in this video, I'll be
teaching my full silver trading strategy
with live trade examples. Now, I don't
guarantee or promise any future trading
results, but if this helps you at all,
smash the like button, subscribe to the
channel, read the disclaimer, and let's
dive in.
Here's a 170 trade back test of the
strategy. Now, obviously back testing
doesn't guarantee future results, but it
does show how this model performed over
time. I had this trade earlier today.
I'm going to show you later in the
video. And as for when to trade the
strategy, I'm generally taking trades
anywhere in the London or New York
session. Now, let's get into the
details. And I'll break this down into
three simple steps. Starting with step
one, zones. The goal of my silver
trading strategy is days like this where
I'm consistently trading from explosive
institutional zones. So, how do I do
that? Well, I'm simply looking for very
big price moves in the market. I'm
looking for a big candle like this one
or a string of candles like this or a
combination of both like this. And at
the start of the big move is where I
mark up my zones. generally mapping out
the red candle before the big push up.
But in this case where there is no red
candle, I just mark up the last candle
before the big push up even though it
was green. When I'm buying, this level
here is called a demand zone. This is a
level of demand for big institutions
because only big institutions can push
the price like this. Retail traders like
you and I can't push the price at all.
Then when price returns all the way back
to that level, the institutions can be
expected to want to buy from that level
again, giving us an area to enter a good
trade. The same thing that happened on
this example as well. You could see a
nice big push up to TP1. And even when
the trade is much further away, you can
still wait for that level to get tapped
in and have the price push all the way
up again. Now, this works on any asset,
any time frame, but for silver, I'm
having a lot of success on the M1 time
frame. Yes, I am scalping this baby. And
the same goes for sell trades. I'm
looking for that big price move in the
market, like this one here, or this one
right here, or this one right here. When
I'm selling, I'm looking for supply
zones instead of demand zones.
Institutions telling me a price is a
good area to sell from. That's a price
that the institution liked. And of
course, price reacted incredibly going
all the way down and smashing my
takerit. The same exact reaction that
I'm getting right here. Absolutely
perfect going down to the level. And
then this trade here, the exact same
concept I'm using in my VIP trading
rooms. But in order to be consistent
with my silver trading strategy, we need
to get into step two, zone rules. In
this section, I'll be covering what I
want to see and what I want to avoid.
But let's start with what I want to see.
The first thing I always want to see are
those big green candles. And during that
pushup, ideally, I want to see some fair
value gaps like this one right here. A
fair value gap is just a three candle
pattern. You could see this candle right
here and this candle right here don't
cover this entire zone creating a level
of imbalance which tells us there were
very few sellers here. This was
breakaway price which is an indication
that smart money that institutional
money was at this level. The market
frequently wants to fill these areas. So
we can expect price to come back fill
that area and come back to that level of
demand. And of course, we want to be
trading with the trend, right? For that,
I'm using the 200 period EMA right here.
I want price to be above that level. And
you can do this visually, too. You could
see we have a low here, a higher high, a
higher low, a higher high, a higher low,
and then we push up into that higher
high again. So, clearly, we are trading
with the uptrend. We also want to see a
break of structure. So, if we're looking
at the swing lows and the swing highs
like we are here, we want to see the
last high right here be taken out by a
break of structure. This is just telling
me that I'm getting continuation in the
markets. And if I zoom out further, I
want to look for old levels of supply.
So, there was a strong level of supply
right here and price took that level
out. And we had another strong level of
supply right here and price took that
level out. And there was another strong
level of supply back here and price took
that level out too. So we broke all of
those supplies. And when everything goes
our way like that, I expect price to
come back to demand, push up, smash my
take profit. Now let's get into things I
want to avoid. First, I want to avoid
trading against the trend. You can see
here we're making lower lows, lower
highs, and lower lows. We're clearly in
that downtrend, so we shouldn't be
buying. Next thing, we want to avoid a
weak demand zone. Look, there's a couple
of red candles in there. There's no fair
value gap. There's no really big green
candles. And so, what happens? Well, you
break through, you lose your trade. And
that brings me to my next one. We want
to avoid price closing below the zone,
right? We're not ready to take a long
yet. There's no momentum. There's
nothing saying we should take a buy
trade here. So, as soon as price closes
below the zone, it's a dead demand.
We're just not going to use it. Easy
stuff. We also want to avoid a used
zone. This is a nice looking demand zone
right here. Could get into a trading
position right here and let this thing
run, right? Beautiful. But do we want to
use that demand zone again? We could,
but we shouldn't. It's no longer fresh.
And you can see it blows through the
bottom. Right? Avoid the used zone.
Stick to fresh zones. Another thing I
like to avoid is a weak reaction. You
could see as price comes down to this
zone, we get a little bit of a push up,
but it's pretty weak and then price
slams down. If you're getting huge green
candles like this one on the front end,
you want to see huge green candles
coming outside of the demand on the back
end, too. I also avoid very old demand
zones. You could see here if I'm going
to use an old demand zone, I have to get
a really good reaction at that level or
I'm just not going to take that trade.
So to be safe, stick to the recent
demand zones. Now let's get into final
step three entry models. The first entry
model is a limit order. And for this
one, all I'm waiting for is price to
come to the level and then I'm into the
trade immediately. So that means I
create the demand zone, comes to the
demand zone, and as soon as it taps into
the demand zone, I'm into the trade.
Now, the limit order could be set lower
down here if you like, but this one is
going to give the lowest win rate
because you're not waiting for any
positive momentum and price could slam
through that zone still. The second
entry model is the candle close where
you wait for price to respect the level
and then close. Right? So price
respected the level and then the next
candle was bullish and that's where I
would enter the trading position and
smash the takerit. In my experience, I
get a little bit more of a higher win
rate when I wait for that momentum. But
the highest win rate I get comes from
the bullish engulfing candle pattern.
Zoom in on this for me right here. It's
basically a two candle pattern where you
have a small red candle completely
engulfed by a green candle. That gives
me the entry momentum confirmation that
I require to get into a trade and
actually get a huge win. Now, the
problem with this is you're not always
going to get a bullish engulfing. So,
you can miss a lot of trades. Price can
come to this level and shoot up and you
might miss that position. So, that
always depends on the trader discretion,
how many trades they want to have, what
win rate they want to have. But now, in
order to really master this, we've got
to go through my live trades, including
VIP trades. Let's do it now. Now, let's
quickly go through some real live chart
examples, trades I've sent in my VIP
room. This one here was a sell trade.
You can see we had that huge push down,
created our nice level of supply before
that push down. I waited for price to
come back to my level. It took a little
bit of time and then I tapped in,
entered the trade and won it
immediately. So on this one, obviously I
used a limit order. So price came to
that level, tapped in, shot down
immediately. And this was a VIP entry.
And let me show you something else about
this trade. Something else that I was
doing here. Bit of a zoom out to recent
price action. I set up a range. You will
have seen me do this. top of the range
and then bottom of the range right here.
So clearly price was trading within a
range, right? So all I'm doing is making
sure that if I'm entering a trade, I
want that trade to be closer to the top
of the range than the bottom of the
range if I am selling and vice versa if
I am buying. That just gives me an easy
secondary confluence and takes 20
seconds to draw that up on the chart.
All right. So, this next one is a demand
entry on the 4hour time frame and I sent
this to my VIP trading room this morning
and let's just say it was absolutely
insane. So, you can see here we had the
big push out. We had our level of demand
right there on this red candle. Price
came into that level and shot up that
quickly. It was a huge win. You can see
I sent that to my VIP trading room right
here. and in the free trading room as
well earlier today as I've got a nice
six trade win streak going. Hopefully I
can keep that streak alive. If you like
my silver trading strategy, smash the
like button, subscribe to the channel,
leave a comment if you need any help,
consider joining my VIP trading room,
watch this video or definitely watch
that video and I'll be back next week.
Much love.
