If you've ever looked at a chart and
 
thought, "Why does this make sense to
everyone else but not me?" This is the
price action trading strategy that
finally made it click and turn my
trading profitable. No indicators, no
complicated rules, just pure price
action that beginners can actually
understand. So, let me teach you the
three-step road map I've been using to
take profit from the market for 17 years
now. I never guarantee or promise any
future trading results, but by the end
of this video, you'll never look at
charts the same way again. So, smash
that like button, subscribe to the
channel, watch the disclaimer now, and
let's dive in.
Step one in my three-step process is
determining the trend using price
action. If you look at this chart, it's
pretty simple to mark out every impulse
and pullback, impulse and pullback,
impulse and pullback because the price
is already on the chart. Then I can
easily map out every perfect winning
trade that, you know, I'm obviously
going to take perfectly by simply
trading with the trend, making 300 here,
then a,000 here, and even 4,000 here.
Now, obviously, trading in hindsight is
child's play, but I have a simple
rules-based process to map this out in
real time so that I understand the trend
and consistently get trades at pullbacks
on a daily basis. To identify trend, I
pick out the starting level right here.
Price pushes off of this level to a new
swing high. And I know that's a swing
high because price pulls back right
after that level. Now, in order to
determine what a pullback is, I'm
generally looking for about two red
candles, maybe three. I want them to be
sizable. I want it to actually be
pulling back. If we look at these three
red candles right here, it's not a
pullback. Price isn't really pulling
back. Now after this pullback here, I
want to see the price push up, create a
break of structure where this high is
being taken out by price pushing up and
closing above that level. And now I can
start marking up my chart with swing
lows, swing highs, the important levels
that are going to help us determine the
market trend. So if we're in an uptrend,
we're looking for buys. In a downtrend,
we're looking for sells. We get the push
up from the swing low to the swing high.
Then we get our pullback. Then we
finally get the break of structure when
this candle closes above the swing high.
At this point, I'm adjusting to a new
swing low, which is at the bottom of the
pullback here. And because we had the
break structure, I can now move this
level up here to our new swing high. And
that's because this level right here is
where the new pullback is starting. So
now we have our new range set up between
the swing low and the swing high. And it
doesn't matter what price does between
these levels as long as it doesn't close
out the bottom. If a candle closes out
the bottom, we are no longer in an
uptrend, we are not looking for buy
trades. Now, I'm always looking for this
one, two, three move, right? One, the
impulse, two, the pullback, and three,
another impulse right here that breaks
previous structure. So now let's just
continue to play this out and see
exactly what happens. Well, what
happens? Price just broke through our
high. See right there, it broke through
our high. So now I move the swing low to
here. Now this becomes the new range.
The reason this is now the new swing low
is because this swing high just got
broken by the price closing above it
here. So, this is telling us that we are
still in an uptrend, which is incredibly
important in my trading after 17 years,
helping me pull profits out of the
market. So, now I'm continuing the
process on, right? What is happening?
Well, we just had our pullback, right? 1
2 3 four candles right there, and then
we had a push up. So, at this point, we
can now take this swing high, put it up
to this level right there. We're pulling
this swing low to this level right here
because we had the pullback right there.
That was our pullback. And then price is
already breaking above this level right
here. So, we keep getting the same
thing, right? We get the impulse, the
pullback, and the impulse. That's our
three-step pattern. And I can just keep
going with this process over and over
and over. And as long as the price
doesn't come and break below this swing
low right here, we can continue in this
uptrend looking for winning trading
opportunities. Now, how are we doing
that? How are we getting those winning
opportunities? Well, in previous videos,
you may have seen me tell you to look
left. If we look left from this level
right here, there's a fair value gap, a
level where we could enter a trading
position from. Or if we look left from
here, we had a level of resistance
turned support. So that right here is a
potential trading opportunity. And
sometimes I'll do that, but most of the
time I'm looking at a lower time frame.
So if I zoom in a little bit right here
and I take a look at this level right
here, we are looking at all of these
candles right here on the higher time
frame. We've determined we've had our
pullback. So, we've clearly determined
we're in an uptrend. We've had pullbacks
on the higher time frame where we could
get into trade opportunities. And in
addition to looking left, you could also
use the Fibonacci tool that's in the
toolbar right here. And if you mark from
that swing high to the swing low that
you already marked, you'll see pullbacks
generally come around 50%. So, price
came to that 50% level. That's a good
enough pullback for us to get into a buy
or from this swing low to this swing
high right here. Again, price at that
50% level. Anything below that is
discounted price. So, we know we can get
into trade opportunities. But what do I
do? What do I do? So, we've clearly
establish the uptrend. We have our
pullback right here. Now, I want to
focus in on these candles right here.
From this level to this level right
here, in between this level and this
level right here, I can go down to the
lower time frame and I can day trade
this uptrend successfully for over a
week until the next pullback. So, let's
get into step two, trading entries on
the lower time frame. So, here we are on
the lower time frame, right? We had our
impulse up. We had our pullback. We had
that next impulse up. Part of that
three-step process on the higher time
frame. And on the lower time frame here,
now we're looking to enter trades. And
inside of this area right here on a
single pair, we should be able to get
four, five, maybe even six trades. So,
I'm going to take you through the entire
week here. And then the third step, I'm
going to show you how to increase the
win rate even further. But before I jump
into that, please leave a comment
telling me the best trade you've had
this week. And five of my favorite
comments are going to get free access to
my VIP trading room. Now, when going
from higher time frame to lower time
frame, the golden rule is that the
higher time frame should be somewhere
between 4 and 12 times higher than your
lower time frame. So, if you're doing
step one on the daily, then step two is
going to be on the 1 hour or 30 minute.
If you're doing step one on the 4 hour,
the 1 hour, then step two is going to be
on the 15minut or 5 minute. And I'm
often scalping a lot. So a lot of the
time I'm doing that higher time frame on
the 1 hour and the lower time frame on
the 5 minute. But for this example, I'm
on the 30 minute. Let's get into it. Now
let's dive into the fun stuff, our
trading entries. Now there's many ways
we could do entries. Support and
resistance. We could do orb, the one
candle trading strategy I taught last
week. or you can do some basic supply
and demand, which is what I'm going to
be showing you today. So, on the higher
time frame, we had this fair value gap
right here. We had a pullback to that
level. And here on the lower time frame,
you can see we reacted off of that level
once well here. And then we've come back
to that level again right here. Now, I'm
going to zoom in and we're going to
start looking for trading opportunities.
So, the first thing we're seeing right
here is our original level of demand.
You can see we have a red candle right
here before a big push up, right? 1 2 3
four green candles in a row. Price just
came back to that level right there. And
what are we getting? A bullish engulfing
pattern, right? We've got the small red
candle engulfed by the big green candle.
So after that pattern, I'm willing to go
long, right? It's off of the imbalance.
It's off of the demand. And I'd target
something like this. put my stop loss on
this one below this wick to get
something decent. That's about a 17 pip
stop, a 36 and a half pip take profit
and then I can play that trade out and
look smash the takerit beautifully. Now
in that process, let's remove this. In
this push up, we create another level of
demand. So the red candle before the big
push up, that's always our demand,
right? We got 1 2 3 4 5 six candles. So
that's a big aggressive push. We have a
break of structure on this level right
here. So what do I want to see? I want
to see price come back down to that
level of demand. And you can see we have
re-entered our level of demand here. Now
I'm looking for that bullish engulfing
pattern to get myself into the trading
position. And boom, we've got that right
there. So I'm going to enter my trading
position off of the top of this candle
close right there. Just going to keep
the stop loss, you know, kind of where
it was, right? It's stopped. It was a
pretty good stop loss on the last one,
right? So, we could just do the same
stop loss. Now, if we look to the left,
we have some fair value gaps here. These
are levels in the market that we can
target, right? This is the imbalance. We
could also target levels of supply.
Look, the green candle before the huge
push down. That would make for a massive
trade. Let's go ahead and see the
reaction to that level. Very very nice.
Printed. Smashed the takerit. Riskreward
2.64 on that one. Riskreward on this
one. 2.15. And we are in business. And
this is all possible because of that
higher timeframe trend. Let's set up
another level of demand right here.
Look, we could have got into this one,
right? This candle right there. Came to
that level of demand. Could have entered
right there, but didn't enter on that
one. Okay, let's continue to play this
out. see if we have some other
opportunities. Are we getting more
demand zones? Not a great demand here,
but an option for us, right? Why is that
a good option? We just broke through
this supply over here. We're clearly in
that uptrend now. We have momentum.
Levels are holding. So, let's just see.
Can we get price to come back to that
level? And that's a decent demand now
because we got an additional push here.
We've got a bunch of green candles. That
tells us smart money might be waiting at
this level again to get into another
position. So, what do I do? I wait for
price to tap in. That's a good tap in. I
want to get that bullish engulfing. And
I got it right. This candle right here
is engulfed by this candle right here.
So, I wait for the closure. I get into
my trading position right here. Put my
stop below the demand. Look, this is
about 20 pips. So, that's a pretty tight
stop. Generally, I don't have much on
the left outside of this level right
there. So, that's going to be the
takerit. Let's play this position out.
And how are we doing? We are smashing
our takerit again beautifully. Let's
take a look. So far, we have one, two,
three wins. Now, all we're doing, as
you're seeing, is trading by trades
using supply and demand based on the
higher time frame. So, let's see if we
can get some other levels. Let's see
what else we can do. We're always
looking for demand zones. I don't see
any yet, right? We're looking for big
pushes to the upside, multiple green
candles in a row, aggressive moves.
We're not seeing that right now, but
look, we're waiting. We're waiting.
We're patient. Now, that is a decent
level right here. Okay, so on this one
right here, this is a level of demand. I
like demands with fair value gaps.
That's a small fair fair value gap, but
it's something. We do have the break of
structure right here. And we broke the
previous level of supply right here as
price broke up. So, that's a good sign
as well. And so, we continue on. Will
price come back to that level? Maybe,
maybe not. This is all part of the game.
This is the process. You're waiting.
You're waiting for that opportunity to
come to you. And there is another level
of demand. Okay? So maybe we didn't get
the last one, but here is a new level of
demand. So let's mark that up, right?
Let's see if price can come to that
level right there. And we're not seeing
any other levels. And what happened
here? Okay, price just broke through
that demand, invalidating it. So this is
an invalid demand. Why? Because price
broke through the level and it closed.
So that tells me this is a bad demand
and I'm not going to use that demand.
Very simple, right? So, what do I do? I
continue to play out the charts. What's
happening? I'm looking for big pushes,
big green moves. Not getting any, right?
We're only getting a couple green
candles in a row. I like to see huge
moves. I like to see three, four green
candles in a row. That's a demand zone
right there. Right? That's a demand
zone. So, let's continue to play out.
Can price come to that level of demand?
That's a nice level of demand. And
another reason I like that demand is
because this level of supply was taken
out, right? price broke through that
level of supply, which is always a good
sign. So, that's a level of demand I'm
going to feel really, really good about.
Now, what else do we have? Do we have
any other levels of demand? Potentially,
you could consider this a level of
demand, but it's not great, right? It's
a huge zone. You only really get the one
big candle push out of that. So,
potentially, if you've got a decent
reaction, you could take a trade from
this. And it does look like if you did,
you could have had some sort of a win.
Maybe a short scalping position, some
something like this, but you know,
nothing spectacular. So, what do we do?
We're waiting for this demand down here.
That's been the main demand. That's been
our main point of interest. And as
always, we're waiting to see what type
of a reaction we get. Now, you could see
here, we closed below, which invalidated
the zone. But this is a very obvious
level right here. So what I'm thinking
is this is a liquidity grab. Often
market makers will push the price below
obvious levels to clear out liquidity.
So we wait. In a case like this, what
I'll be looking for is a break out of
demand and a retest of demand. Just a
classic break and retest. That is how I
deal with the liquidity situation. Okay,
so let's go ahead. Price just pushed up
and then it's coming back for my retest
and then perfect. I get my bullish
engulfing candle. This candle engulfed
this candle right here. So, we are
running, right? I told you I got the
break and the retest of the demand. This
is a sign that this was a liquidity grab
and we could actually continue with our
uptrend positions here. And I'd feel
pretty good about this zone, right?
Because I was feeling really good about
this zone right here. And now that we've
taken liquidity below that zone, we
could push significantly higher. So on a
trade like this, I would be looking at
this level of supply right there as my
target right in there. You know, I could
put the stop loss below this wick. I
just put it below this demand right
here. That's still about 30 pips. That's
a significant stop-loss. So, let's play
that position out. And you can see that
bullish engulfing telling me that
there's momentum in the markets. And
then we could continue on and smash that
takerit. The power of supply and demand
is real. I've been using it for over 10
years and I have ways to increase the
win rate of this strategy. So, you're
going to want to stick around. Let's
play this out and see if we could find
some more levels of demand. You could
see I've got a level of demand right
here and price is coming into that level
right now. And that also took out the
previous supply. You know, I love it
when we take out previous levels of
supply. So, what happens with this one?
Price is tapping into the level. It's
wicking. I would consider taking a trade
right now, but I didn't get the bullish
engulfing pattern. You see, there was
the bullish engulfing pattern here. I
didn't get it here. So, if I don't get
it, what do I want to see? I'd like to
see the break and retest of that zone.
So, let's see if we can get the break
and retest. And so, at this level right
here, I got the break. I got the retest.
I got a green candle. I'd enter at that
green candle right there. keep my stop
basically below this wick right here.
And for my takerit, I would probably
just be going for this level right here
based on recent price action. So, let's
go ahead and place that. Holy crap, that
smashed the takerit almost immediately.
I'm telling you, the power of demand
breaking retests, bullish engulfing, and
we're getting near the top here. Look,
we are getting near the top. Let's take
a look and see what have we had. one,
two, three wins and zero losses.
Following the rules of supply and demand
with the higher timeframe bias. So, as
we get closer to the top here, we're
looking for more levels of demand. No
levels of demand on the way up there.
There was a level of demand right here.
Okay. And this is the beauty. When we're
starting to come down, look, we're
starting to come down. You won't blow
the trades because look, we're just
blowing right through. So, we're just
invalidating the level and then we're
retesting it on the other side. So, it's
definitely starting to look bearish,
right? It's starting to look like we are
in that next pullback, right? Where are
the demand zones? There's nowhere.
There's no demand zones being created.
So, you're just waiting. Where can you
get a demand zone? What's going on?
There's no demand zones. So, even when
it starts to pull back, right? Even when
the market starts to go against you, it
doesn't matter. There's no good demand
zones. And then look, we've got a strong
reaction here. We've got a support and
the higher time frame would start to
tell us, hey, the pullback's over. It
start to look for buys again. So, let's
take a look. This was it. This was our
circle right here. We had the 1 2 3 4
five wins during that uptrend, even
during the pullback. No losses. Now,
step three is really quick. It's just
how I increase my win rate. Let's do it
now. Now, to increase the win rate, it's
all about time and session alignment.
This is a lot easier than it sounds,
okay? Basically, I'm just looking to
place trades that happen during the
London and the New York sessions. That's
where the volume is. That's where the
demand zones are actually going to
crush, push the price up aggressively.
There was only one Tokyo trade that I
took, and you could see it was the
smallest trade, right? This right here
was the Tokyo session and we entered the
trade and it was a little one. It was
the smallest reaction we had. But then
we had a demand zone right here in the
New York session and look, it shot up
like a rocket, right? It was an
absolutely amazing one. Same as this one
right inside of the New York session.
Tapped in. Good reaction. We look at our
other trades again right at the
beginning of the London session and we
rock it up. Next one right at the
beginning of the London session and it
rocketed up even here. Look, big
reactions London New York. Small
reactions Tokyo. Small reactions Tokyo.
Price comes to this level during the
London New York crossover and shoots up.
Okay. So, in order to get that higher
win rate to get better trades in
general, kind of stick to the London and
New York session if you're trading in
general. If you live in Asia and you
want to trade the Asian session, too
bad. And just be aware when you're
getting to the back end of the New York
session, you're not going to have as
much power also. So consider earlier in
the New York session for your trades.
Now, I hope this price action trading
strategy makes it click for you. It made
it click for me. If you have any
questions, leave a comment, smash the
like button, subscribe to the channel,
consider joining my VIP trading room or
my Trade with Pat Robot. Links to both
are in the description. Watch this video
right here. Watch this video right here.
And I'll be back next week.
