So, we are in week five of making
 
history. I'm going to turn one of these
$100 into a million dollars in 60 days.
Absolutely everything is being
documented here in my YouTube, my
Instagram, Telegram, everywhere. So, not
only you guys see it, but you guys can
also follow along and capitalize off of
it as well. All of my trades, pre-trade,
during trade, post trade, pre-analysis,
post, everything is going to be
documented, verified, audited by in my
effectbook account, and you're going to
be able to see the progress of
everything. We started 4 weeks ago and I
burned the first account. So, we had to
give it a shot and try again from zero.
In the third week, we turned $2,100 all
the way to $4,000. And on this last
week, we turned those $4,000 to $7,000.
And now this week, I'm trying to turn
those $7,000 into $20,000 so I stay in
route to turn the hundred to the mill in
60 days. Me as we make history and let's
start the series.
All right, so it's officially week five.
We're going to be turning $100 into a
million. I'm very excited this week. I'm
feeling profit. I'm feeling blue. I'm
feeling like I'm going to turn this 7K
into 20K by the end of this week. Like
I'm feeling very, very good.
Yo, you're kind of contradicting
yourself. You're wearing a red jacket
and red slides with no socks.
Profit blue red. You're right. All
right. So, we got blue fit, blue Richard
Mill. I'm not even wearing socks cuz
they're not blue. But let's get into the
markets. So, this week we got Euro GBP
as our number one pair. Euro GBP. We are
going to be predicting for price to pull
back into this area in order for Look to
sells. Currently, right now, we are on
the daily time frame as we speak. So,
this trade, we're going to be looking
for it on the 4 hour to come back,
retest the EMA, retest the zone. So, we
keep heading to the downside. Very solid
trade, very solid area of interest,
continuing with the trend. Next, we have
GJ, GBP, JPY. As you can see right here,
this is one of the most famous pairs
that a lot of scalpers and high-risisk
traders like to trade because we are
retesting this area of interest right
here. So, what I'm going to do is I'm
going to expect for price to come back
into this area to retest it to head to
the upside. So, what I do is I come
here, I put my alarm and I'm going to
wait for price to do that. Next, we have
its cousin or its brother-in-law,
whatever you want to call it, Euro JPY
cuz obviously it's very moved similarly
because of the JPY. If I flicker fast
back and forth through the both, you can
tell that the markets move very similar
because they are both JPY pairs. So, I'm
going to be waiting for the same exact
trade on this pull back to this area of
interest to then buy, but I'm going to
be waiting for a little bit more
confirmations on this trade. So, I'm
going to be waiting for a shift of
structure here or I'm going to be
waiting for a break and retest of the
neckline of this inverted head and
shoulders. We have right here left head
and then a potential right shoulder. So,
what I'm going to be waiting for is this
right here, the break and retest of the
inverted head and shoulders, which will
then be the retest of the neckline,
retest of this level of area in
Ventress, and then retest of the 1 hour
EMA. So, a lot of confirmations we're
going to wait for once we wait for that
break and retest, which is going to
literally be that. And then last but not
least, we have USDCHF, which we're going
to be waiting for sells once we hit this
area of interest right here. But I think
this is more of a trade for next week,
but we're keeping it on our watch list
for now. So, some very solid trades
coming this week. Um, I do believe this
week if I do the correct risk management
and only focus on one pair and learn
from the mistakes that I've done in the
last four weeks, I think we can be on
track to hit 20K by the end of this
week. So, clean mindset, clarity, set
forget. So, drift car is officially
back. Engine is good. Not
your shirt. What did it even say?
I am a funded
funded what? Let your imagination do the
thing.
Marketing.
So, we got the drift car back. We're
going to put some Alex G stickers on the
rolls and on the McLaren. Should we take
it out tonight or should we take it out
tomorrow or should we put a little sneak
peek of what it's done?
Yes.
I think we'll save it for next week.
No. No. No.
I just smack it on it
just like how Orlando did it.
[Music]
So if you want to take the drift car
out, you got to you got to push it out.
You got to get us momentum.
So, I got to turn the fan on when the
car gets warm so I don't overheat the
fan.
Sorry neighbors.
So I say after I apply on dry surfaces,
just throw it on there.
Is that how it's supposed to go? I think
so. All right, we're going to put this
in the trunk cuz we got no seats back
here.
We're not We're not We're not driving.
We are not driving,
bro. Oh, we haven't even moved, bro. We
haven't even moved. We haven't even
moved.
What's up, boss?
We've We've met,
huh? Exactly.
Yeah.
Yo, what's up with this car, man?
It's my like race project car, so I'm
just like
I mean, bro, you have no windows. You
have no trunk. You
I mean, is it illegal to have no hood?
Yeah, I have.
You have no tag?
Yeah, I have insurance. I have
everything, but it's like a race car.
So,
where's the tag?
Uh, I have to go get lost. Yeah.
Is it register?
Um I have insurance on it. I would have
to double check if it's registered cuz
it's like a project car. So what?
It's a BMW.
I was behind you when you did a furn cuz
I have no tires so it like slides really
easy.
This car shouldn't even be on the road.
Yeah. Yeah. I just came over here just
to like put
I could drift it on the way there. No.
I'm asking.
So we're going to have to check in
tomorrow when I get the license plate
and I get the car. Yo, they said I can't
have a hood. Like, I can't drive without
a hood.
What kind of law is that?
You good? You good?
Yo, you good?
What is up, guys? Monday morning. It is
currently 9:35 in the morning. So, two
of the trades that I predicted yesterday
happened perfectly. Didn't manage to get
an entry. It is what it is.
It is what it is. It is what it is.
So, let me show you guys. So, before
anything, you guys can tell it is
currently 9:30 in the morning. The
accounts are still exactly the same as
last week. I'm going to come here to the
charts. But before I get to the charts,
I'm going to refresh the time. As you
guys can tell, it is August 24th, 9:35
in the morning. So, we're going to start
off with Euro JPY. As you guys can tell,
yesterday we were predicting the pull
back to this area of interest right
around here. And once it retests this
area, we were expecting for price to
head to the upside. And that is exactly
what we did. Beautiful rejection,
beautiful momentum to the upside. Didn't
manage to get an entry. It is what it
is.
Love to enter this trade, but I didn't
get my requirements in order to take the
trade. If you notice, exactly what I
drew right here yesterday. It's pretty
much the same thing that happened here,
which is kind of scary how it's
following it literally line by line.
Look, I mean, like, I don't know. That's
kind of nuts. But I was actually looking
for this right here to enter this trade,
which is a very keen break and retest,
which we didn't get that. So, couldn't
manage to get into this trade. Next, we
have GJ, which GJ, we were waiting for
price to come all the way back into the
area of interest in order for us to take
the trade long. Didn't make it all the
way into here. Couldn't take the trade.
So, for now, no longer interested in it.
And then last but not least, we have
Euro GBP, which is still very much
lining up as a very, very solid trade
potential setup for price to come back,
retest this area of interest here for us
to then take the trade to the downside.
So, I'm going to keep my eye on ERGP for
now. Um, and as of right now, there are
no active trades. So, so the two main
markets that I was looking to trade,
they already took off, which is not a
bad thing, but it's not an amazing thing
because now we kind of have to sit
around and wait for another market to be
ready. Um, might be a slow start to the
week. So, cuz the other pairs are
already gone. And this one is probably
be ready either tonight or tomorrow
morning. So, let's see what happens. All
right. So, it is currently 3:00 in the
afternoon today, Monday. As you guys can
tell, Monday 3:00, we have absolutely no
trades running on the account. So, this
is how we are looking on the account.
Still no trades. Um, Euro GBP hasn't
come back to the area of interest. As
you can see, we've been waiting for
price to hit that alarm there and we
haven't. So, I do strongly believe that
tomorrow it will hit that point. And
then GBP JPY, it's had a reaction from
this area as anticipated. We never made
it back here, never caught it. And then
Euro JPY was so beautiful. I actually
got at least 20 to 30 DMs that students
from my Instagram and students from the
Discord caught this trade, but I didn't
catch it cuz I was simply away from the
from the charts. But with that being
said, I got some news though. We got the
titles. Can't show you guys too much
information, but we got the titles here.
We got the title from the McLaren, got a
title from the drift car, and then we
got the title from the Lamborghini that
I gave away two and a half months ago. I
literally forgot I gave away a Lambo
until the title came into the mail right
now. There was a big miscommunication
where the title went. So, we're gonna
FaceTime now the person that won the
Lambo, which is Anal, and we're going to
see what's his status, like where's he
at. He's been asking me for the title
for like the past month and a half cuz
he wants to get the tag for his car
under his name so he can drive it around
cuz he's the only guy that competed for
the Lambo that did not want to sell it.
If you guys haven't seen the Lambo
video, make sure to go to the link in
description below or just go to my
channel. The video is there. So, let's
call him up. He actually has no idea.
I'm going to call him.
Oh, you're not getting I'm going to text
him now. You're not getting No, I'm
kidding. So, we'll wait for him to call
us back. Um, but yeah, we got to give
him the title now. And was talking with
the team and the rocket team. We might
give away another Lambo, but that more
coming soon. So, make sure you hit the
subscribe button. And we got the tag for
the drift car. So, now we are officially
legal to go drift on the streets. We're
not to go drift on the streets, but you
can legally drive the drift car on the
street. Now, can we drift legally?
Let's
do this. Now,
this shows you it doesn't matter how
much money you have. Literally, I just
ran out of gas right outside there and
some random guy just helped me push the
car into the street cuz I was literally
ran out of gas on the street and those
guys have no idea who I am and I have no
idea who they are and they help me. And
I'm just a normal person that ran out of
gas. Just because I'm a millionaire or
because I'm a successful trader doesn't
mean I have any specialty or anything.
I'm just a regular person that can
anything regular can happen.
It's not my car.
So, we didn't have a collar for the cat,
so we just put a plastic bag around it.
Don't worry, it's loose. Like, it's very
The belt
snapped. So, we're going to go on a
mission right now to find the belt so we
can put it back on the car so we can go
ahead and drift sess cuz we got the
GoPro in the car for you guys.
What's up, bro? Round two.
Round two. Two.
Yeah. Right. Lost the game. It is
currently 8:00 Miami time. So, as of
right now, still no trades on the
account. Still exactly the same. So,
let's see how Euro GBP is. So, we're
waiting for Euro GBP to get to the area
of interest. And as of right now, Euro
GBP
is not there.
So, we can't do anything. We decide and
forget about to pass out. Now, our game
played the 21. Rocket 21 and we lost.
So, we'll update later tonight or
tomorrow in the morning.
All right. Good morning, guys. It is
Tuesday. Um, still nothing in the
markets. Let me show you right now the
account. The current is still sitting at
7,000. Currently, it's 9:00 in the
morning. So, the market simply hasn't
given us any opportunities. Um, I'm
going to show you guys what the market
has done. We missed yesterday's trade
and Euro GP never came back to the exact
area where I wanted to take it. And I'm
being extremely selective with my
trades. Like remember any trade that I
go into, I'm risking anywhere from 25 to
33%. Obviously that is super high risk
as it is as a whole. So I'm risking
anywhere from 25 to 33% per trade. I
need to select a very very good trade.
So let me show you guys. So as of right
now, this is Euro GBP. So, your GBP, you
guys saw how I was waiting for price to
come to this area here in order for us
to sell, but we never made it there and
then we kept heading to the downside.
So, I was never able to enter the trade.
And this is the exact trade that I sent
here in my free Telegram. If you guys
can tell here, I sent this as a trade
idea. And I told the members, if we get
15,000 reactions, I will give you guys
this free trade. They never got the 12
15,000 reactions. So, they missed out on
the free money.
They ain't believing us.
But back to this trade. So, I missed
this trade because it never came to the
area of interest. Euro JPY. We missed it
because I was just not looking at the
charts,
but it is coming back how I explained
yesterday into this area right here in
order for us to look for new buys. So,
I'm going to be waiting for price to dip
down all the way into this area here.
Once this price dips into this area
here, I'm going to then be waiting for a
shift of structure to enter this trade
long. So, I'm going to be waiting for
something like this for this trade to go
long. And then GJ
never came to the area of interest,
never took the trade. There's absolutely
nothing we can do. And then last but not
least, USD CHF. This is more of a trade
for uh next week. So, if anything, I'm
going to be waiting for something like
this and like this to take the trade
short. All right. What is up, guys? So
trade update. So it is currently
Wednesday or Tuesday night, but it is
currently 1:00 in the morning. Um,
Wednesday morning. So it's Tuesday
night. Still no trade, but the market is
lining up and is going to give us some
very nice potential tomorrow in the
morning, if not tonight, London. So let
me show you guys. So you guys can see
right here, account is still currently
at 7,000. I have absolutely no battery
on this phone. You guys are always
roasting me that my phones have no
battery. 1:00 in the morning right now.
So, I'm here on the website. Just going
to refresh it. What time is it in Miami?
1:6 in the morning. So, it's Wednesday.
And I'm seeing a very clean potential
setup here on AUDJPY. So, the trade that
I missed earlier this week was this buy
trade that we were lining up at this
area of interest right here, which is a
shift the structure to then go. So, we
missed this buy and then prices pulled
back to the area of interest that I
wanted to buy, which was here, but
didn't give me the entry signal that I
was looking for. Exactly. To enter the
trade and most importantly we were under
the zone. Remember if we are buying a
trade we have to be above the zone. If
we are selling we have to be under. As
of right now what I'm going to be
waiting for in order to take this trade
is going to be this right here in order
to go long. Or in order to take the
trade to the downside I'm going to be
waiting for this right here. The most
ideal thing is going to be waiting for
the break and retest to go long which is
perfect. Euro GBP, which is a trade that
we broke down at the beginning of this
week. We never made it back all the way
to my area of interest. So, we were
never able to take the trade, which as
you can tell, I predicted this market
perfectly. And I have many students that
caught this trade right here just
because it got a little bit of an
earlier entry, which is a little bit
high risk. But all of the set and forget
students know the deal. Um, but right
now, my focus will be on Euro JPY. As
you guys can tell, real live market,
live time. So, Euro JPY, I'm going to be
looking for some buys or sells in the
next couple of hours. So, I'm going to
put my alarms tonight and see if I trade
London or if not, I just trade New York
whenever it gives me my entry signal.
So, I put this alarm at the high of this
structure point right here. So, it
notifies me once it breaks the area and
then it retest. This I have to wait for
it to break and then retest then go
short.
What is up guys? Good morning. So, trade
up there right now. So now it is
Wednesday morning. Last time we updated
was at 1:00 in the morning and what I
explained that I predicted to happen in
the markets yesterday kind of happened.
And this is the power of my strategy and
the power of set and forget and having
patience. So let me show you guys. So
the account currently still has
absolutely no trades. We are still the
exact same. It is currently 900 in the
morning. So it is 8 hours since our last
update. If I come here to the website
and I just hit refresh, that's when we
hit the last update. So, it is currently
9:03 in the morning. Euro GBP. So, Euro
GBP, you guys remember how at the
beginning of the week I was explaining
how we can look for sells if price comes
back up into this area? Well, would you
look at that? Now, obviously, this has
already hit our takeprofit where we were
looking to then uh get out of the trade
once we entered it up here. So take
literally it's crazy how these zones
happen perfectly. Like that is the power
of my strategy that I can predict these
zones very effectively. But I do like
how we are now having a pullback back
into this area. Retesting EMA retesting
area of interest and then I'm just going
to be waiting for some type of
confirmation on the lower time frame. I
don't like this enough to just take the
trade. If anything, what I'm going to be
waiting for is a little bit more. So, if
anything, I will highly consider to take
this trade once it breaks and retest
this zone right here. So, I'm going to
be waiting for a very clean break and
then retest to continue taking this
trade to the downside. Very, very solid
trade potential setup. Uh, loading up
here on Euro GBP. Uh, and then we have
GJ, which is has officially made it all
the way back to our area of interest. So
now I can potentially be looking to buy
this trade but not going to make it the
main focus. Like this shows you guys the
power of the strategy. Like I mean just
once you're in sync with the market, you
can pretty much predict everything. So
that is uh the main pairs as of right
now that we're going to be looking at.
Obviously, GBP CAD predicted this as
well, but we haven't made this a
priority along with GBPUSD, but for now,
we're just going to focus on GJ to go
longs, Euro GBP to then have an entry
signal around this area right here to
then go short. And then we have Euro
JPY, which we can potentially head to
the downside. I can make some simple
predictions here. USDCHF, I'm going to
be waiting for then a break and then a
retest to then head to the downside. As
you can tell right now, USDCHF live
market time. Um, and then I also have
GBPUSD,
which I can then be waiting for a retest
of this neckline right here, which looks
pretty solid. GBP as well. Everything is
live market. Like, we are literally
doing this as the market is fluctuating.
So, I like GBPUSD as well, but we're
going to keep our main focus on the
other pairs. So this shows you guys that
not every day is a trading day. Just
because the markets are open and the
markets are moving up and down, that
doesn't mean that you have to take a
trade. You are here to take a high
probability trade setup. And the market
doesn't give you one of those every
single day. You have to stick to the
high probability trade setups. And
that's where a lot of the traders make
mistakes because they can't not handle
not doing every anything for 2 three
days. I've done absolutely nothing in
trading other than set and forget until
our market gives us a good probability
setup. Literally nothing. I just do the
analysis and then I'll go outside and go
do my thing. A lot of traders, they just
want to sit in front of the market and
try to make something out of nothing and
that's where they blow their accounts.
That's where they take the losses and
that's what the psychology gets them and
drives them crazy. If there's no good
market opportunities, get up and leave.
All right, market update. So, it is
currently 11:30 in the morning. So, I
think it's about 3 4 hours since the
last time we did the market update. We
ended up getting into Euro GBP exactly
as I explained. Moving okay right now,
but let me show you guys. So, as you
guys can tell right here, this is Euro
GBP. We are currently in right now on
the buys. It's 11:25 in the morning. And
exactly how I explained, which what we
were waiting for is the shift of
structure of this point right here.
We're heading to the upside. We got the
shift perfectly at the area of interest
how we've been anticipating all week.
So, looking very, very, very solid right
now. I'm just going to keep my eye on it
and make sure that we uh continue
heading to the downside. If this trade
hits my takerit all the way down here,
we can easily close at $10,000 of profit
if we ride it all the way. So, I'm just
going to keep my eye on it and I'm going
to see how this 4hour candlestick closes
in the next hour and 34 minutes. And
then we're going to see how the 1 hour
closes to see if we can continue
breaking under all of these structure
points right here. But everything so far
is looking very, very good. um Euro JPY.
I was explaining I was looking for the
shorts on the pullback. Obviously, we
haven't pulled back yet. And then we are
waiting for the longs on this trade, but
no rejections from this area. So, your
GBP is the only one that is uh having
rejections and it's looking very good so
far. So, just to update you guys real
quick on the time. Last time we updated
it was 9:00 in the morning. Now, it's
currently 11:26.
All right. So, trade update right now.
It is currently 5:20 in the afternoon.
As you can tell, we are currently up
about $1,200 on the trade. So, trade is
looking very solid. Let me show you guys
what's going on. So, trade has had a
very clear rejection of this area right
here on the 4hour time frame. I love how
the daily closed as a humongous wick
rejection. I don't like how it has a big
bullish body, but I do like the fact
that it did not body close above this.
We are currently right now in some very
nice profit. I can expect for price to
have a little bit of a pullback into
this area right here. If you notice, I
have an alarm placed right at this area.
So, if price does come back here, I am
notified and it lets me if price know if
it's rejecting or if it's going to keep,
you know, going up and I'm going to
decide to see what it does then. But, if
price does come back into this area
where my alarm is and then it gives me
an entry signal, I might be adding
another position very soon. If not, for
now, in the meantime, we're just going
to set and forget and let this trade go
all the way to the downside. GJ, it's
had the push that I was anticipating
earlier today. Exactly from this area of
interest right here. If you notice, we
have this level of structure all the way
here that whenever we're under, we're
selling. Whenever we're above, we're
buying. And in this case, we are above.
So, we've had the pullback perfectly.
Now, we can potentially head to the
upside. I'm going to keep my eye on the
daily to see if we fill that wick. And
then on top of that, to see if the 1
hour has a very clean higher low level
to come back into here to then retest to
go to the upside. So, I'm going to reset
this alarm a little bit higher. So, it
notifies me once and if it does have a
pullback. And then Euro JPY is the one
that we were anticipating last night to
break and retest this to then go long.
We didn't do that. So, we avoided the
loss. And now we broke this area. Now,
we're coming back to retest it. So, we
are still waiting for the retest of the
area. We did body close under the zone,
which is very, very solid. So now I'm
just going to be waiting for a pull back
into this area right here to then sell,
which is what I've been anticipating
from yesterday. So so far at the
beginning of the week, we missed all of
the trades, but now we made uh the
momentum back. Trades have come back to
the areas of interest. And let's see how
the trading day goes because this is
looking pretty solid. And we if these
trades hit how I want them to, we should
hit the goal by the end of the week of
20K. So let's go drift some cars in the
meantime.
What up, my boy?
Yo, something up. It's like leaking some
 right now, bro.
right now, bro.
You hear that noise?
Uh, let me see.
I think it's leaking coolant thing.
Is it coolant?
Oh, probably from the back of the motor.
What the
It's literally like
You hear it?
Yeah. Looks like coolant. Check the
radiator. Make sure there's coolant in
it.
Yeah. Look, it just leaked all that out
right there.
Yeah, that's coolant.
Mhm. That's cool. Yeah.
So, I mean, is that
that what?
It's not fuel. So, it's not flammable.
It's coolant. But
it's always some man.
Yeah, Jordan, just get the water bottle
and get the water.
Nah, that's not the water.
No, the idea is distilled.
So, what the is this?
That's undistilled.
for baby. That's right.
Bet you guys didn't know I could do
that, did you? Did you? Trade update.
and see if this train paid for the
tires.
[Applause]
But we're expecting
It is currently Thursday morning and let
me show you guys a very valuable lesson
I'm about to teach you guys because I
can do this due to the experience and me
seeing these patterns time and time and
time again in the markets and it shows
you guys how the experience along with
risk management and a strategy can make
you a very successful trader in this
industry. So, let me show you guys the
account where it is right now, what I
predicted yesterday and what I'm going
to predict today once again. So you guys
can see right now the account is
currently sitting on $9,000 because we
just closed the Euro GBP position last
night. So let me explain to you guys the
process behind closing this position
yesterday. So we took this trade
yesterday at the break and retest of the
neckline of the head and shoulders right
here. So we entered this trade at this
area once we had left head right
shoulder. We then came back retested it
to then enter the trade sell. We were
probably up about almost three 4,000 on
the trade, which is cool. But then we
notice that it has a huge daily bullish
dogee candlestick. Now, this can either
fill to the upside. How I'm always
saying the daily wick can fill up or it
can fill down. And in this case,
obviously, it filled up. But let me show
you guys how I predicted how it was
going to fill up. So this is where I go
down to the 1 hour, which is the
cleanest time frame to see daily
structure movement very close in detail.
And then we had this very clean lower
low push. And then we had this push up
here. Now, this right here is right
before London session. So it's 1:00 in
the morning. So when I see this red
candlestick right here, I'm like, "All
right, cool. This next candlestick has
to body close under this line, meaning
that it then created a new lower low,
which then this will continue heading to
the downside. If we don't, then what
this is going to do is is that it's
going to then continue heading to the
upside and then fill the wick up versus
filling the wick down. And that's
exactly what price did. Price then had a
huge bullish pin bar, bullish engulfing
pin bar rejecting from EMA, rejecting
from this level of support and
resistance and then engulfing all of
this price right here. What I did is I
then in the fluctuation of this next
candlestick, I just closed right here
where we were. And what a coincidence,
look at at the time of that 3 in the
morning. So right at the blow up of New
York session, I mean uh right before the
the blow up of London session where then
it's going to then have the fill. So, I
literally predicted that this is going
to fill this price right here because of
not breaking under structure,
candlestick rejection, and most
importantly, the session. So, I closed
the trade at that level or I could have
just continued to hold and let it close
me out at break even, but I rather get
the profit since I'm still far from the
profits target I'm supposed to be in for
the week. Next, we have GJ. So, GJ, uh,
we are looking for the longs at this
area right here. And then the 4 hour, we
are now having a beautiful higher low.
Exactly what I've been anticipating for
price to do for quite some time in order
for us to enter this trade. So I'm going
to wait for any bullish engulfing
confirmations for me to enter this
trade. Kind of see a pattern like this
one right here, but form now at this
area over here is what I'm looking for
to take this trade. And just to show you
guys how I predict these wicks all the
time. This is GBPUSD and I miss this
beautiful trade. You see right here we
have this huge daily wick and then we
filled it very similar how we did on
Euro GBP and you can tell here that we
have a beautiful retest of left head,
right shoulder, neckline, EMA,
everything that we would be looking for
to enter this trade. I just missed this
cuz I wasn't watching. So you guys can
see how experience tied to risk
management and a profitable strategy is
so effective in the market because you
can predict these patterns time and time
again. Like tell me what I just
explained to you right now about those
markets. Didn't just make total sense.
Everything is so broken down because I
have been in front of these markets for
5 and 1/2 years seeing the same thing
happen over and over and over again. So
once you see things happen over and over
again, you can either go with it, avoid
it, or you know how to react and adapt
with it. So I personally love this part
because it's like them like all of the
years that I put in at the beginning and
I was so lost. like it's finally like
not only it's been paying off obviously,
but like now been able to see that it
works year after year. I think it's an
amazing skill set that I have acquired.
So, um I'll update you guys if I end up
taking up the other trades. If not, stay
tuned because uh we might be done with
this trades at this week, which sucks
cuz that means we we like we're 10k off
from our profit target, which puts us
a week or two late into the challenge.
So, it's a it's getting difficult, but
I'm being very selective with the trades
that I'm taking. ready. We're going to
go shoot some up. I've had all
these guns and I think I've I think I've
only used them like one time. So, we're
going to use them and then buy new ones
cuz we're getting ready for the uh
alien invasion. All right. To show you
guys the accuracy, which I'm going to
test myself, I'm going to aim for just
this right here.
So, we're trying to get in there.
We're going all the way.
No, no laser.
All right, let's see what I got.
That was How far do you think that was?
Couple yards. That was like 15 yards.
Where the aliens at?
You don't have ammo?
No. So, we got this.
Holy Have you ever shot that?
That shit's crazy.
Crazy.
I wanted a revolver.
That's crazy in the revolver.
You think so? 100%.
Oh, 100%.
Have you guys ever played Fortnite? We
got that right here. Yo, this is bigger
than I remembered, bro.
We're back at it. We're going to one
hand.
All right, guys. So, this is your signal
provider.
And then this is me with my nineweek
winning streak.
God damn. All right, I'm going to shoot
right at the nine.
Let's see how far he
goes to never shoot something.
It's kind of trigger. I see the barrel.
currently 9:00 at night, Thursday night,
and there might be another opportunity
that can get us the account to probably
15 16K because remember the goal by the
end of this week is 20K. So, we stay in
route to turn the 100 to the mill
challenge. So, let me show you guys
currently right now the account this is
where we are exact the same from this
morning. So, let me show you guys here
in my Facebook you guys can see how
currently this is the same balance as
the phone. the starting balance. These
are all of the trades as of right now,
the losses we've had, and then the last
recent gain. You guys can see here,
we've had a total of 14 trades, and we
are a 50% 57% win rate, 43% loss rate,
but we are obviously positive on the
account. So, now I'm going to show you
guys the exact trades that I'm going to
be predicting because I think they look
very, very, very solid. So, let me show
you guys Euro JPY, which I predicted,
and uh GJ as well. So, let me show you
guys. So this right here is Euro JPY.
This is the trade that we predicted
earlier this week that I was expecting
for price to break and retest this area
to go long, which is exactly what
happened here. And we never ended up
taking the trade because we never broke
and retested above. And then I explained
while we were in the middle of the zone
that I was going to look for a break and
then a retest to enter short. This is
where we were earlier this morning where
I was explaining that I might enter the
trade at the retest of this candlestick
right here. I didn't manage to enter the
trade just because I wasn't paying
attention to the charts, but price ended
up heading in that direction. In the
next 16 minutes on the closure of this
candlestick, I'm going to be entering
this trade if it closes how I want it
because I see a very clean downside
potential because we are bearish on the
daily time frame. We are under this
strong level of support and resistance
and then the 4 hours having a beautiful
rejection candlestick from this area
exactly as I anticipated. GJ, we are
coming back into this area. We're doing
a double bottom, rejecting this level of
resistance now being used as support.
And in the daily time frame, is not
amazing because there's no bullish
confirmation here. This is a red
candlestick, but it's a plus because we
stopped at this area. So, I'm going to
keep in mind both of these trades, which
is GBP JPY and Euro JPY. This one has
clean downside potential. This one has
clean upside potential. But I have to
keep in mind how both of these move very
similar. So, one of them is going to
give us a better entry signal than the
other. GBPUSD is the trade that we
missed. Beautiful downside trade. This
trade would have easily made me over
$10,000, but missed the trade. It is
what it is. And then GBP CAD, you guys
remember how I was explaining at the
beginning of the week that I was only
looking to take this trade if it came
back all the way to this area here. And
that is exactly what we've done. But
this trade, I'm not going to be
interested for this week. I will only be
interested next week on this trade. So,
for now, our main focus will be GJ for
potential longs or Euro JPY for
potential shorts. So, everything's
looking pretty solid. And um I'll update
you guys what we end up doing, show you
guys real time. Right now, it's
currently Thursday 9:15 in the evening.
So, catch you guys either later tonight
in London or tomorrow in the morning for
New York. So, see you guys.
What is up, guys? Good morning. So, it
is Friday, officially the last trading
day, and we managed to catch the perfect
trade setup that I've actually been
anticipating since last week, and I said
I wasn't going to take it, but it just
happened exactly what I expected last
week. If you didn't see it, go check
literally last week's results of the
hundreds of mill, you can see how I
predicted this is going to happen this
week. I actually thought it was going to
happen next week, but it happened faster
than not. So, let me show you guys what
I did in order to enter this trade. And
on top of that, how it's quality over
quantity. We notice I've only taken two
trades this week, and I've avoided on
taking more than five to six trades
because what trading consists of is
quality over quantity. So, let me show
you guys. So, this is where we are
currently on the account. We're
currently floating about $1,500 in
profit. So, we caught the GBP CAD trade
where I was anticipating at the
beginning of the week for price to come
back all the way to this area of
interest right here in order for me to
take this trade long. I said I was not
going to be interested in taking this
trade long unless we made it all the way
back to this area of interest. So, once
it made it to that area of interest,
which is this box right here, we're
going to literally mark it off with an
arrow so you guys can identify this
zone. We're going to make that arrow
red. That zone right here, this is where
I then go down to the lower time frame,
such as the 15-minut time frame. And if
you notice that arrow right there is the
zone that we were showing on the higher
time frame. See the same arrows, the
same box. So what I do, I waited for
price to come into the box. And once
price comes into it, I simply wait for a
shift of structure, a break, and a
retest outside of the box, retest of
EMA, and gives me my entry signal.
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful trade.
And then we have now had a beautiful
momentum to the upside. And on top of
that, our stop loss was under the zone
which is very, very well precisely
placed because if price would have
broken through this area right here, if
it would have done this, then it would
have done this and kept heading to the
downside. So everything was executed
absolutely perfectly. As of right now,
we are currently floating uh $6,000 in
profit. might close the trade here
because it's Friday and there's not much
momentum left in the day, but you never
know. I do expect for this price to have
a humongous push to the upside all of
next week. I do expect something like
this, but I don't know if I want to hold
this trade during the weekend. So, GBP
JPY, I was also expecting for the longs
and that is happening. And then Euro JPY
I was expecting for the shorts but we
are kind of in the exact same area as we
were anticipating yesterday. Couldn't
manage to get the entry signal that I
wanted uh to enter the trade. And then
Euro GBP we have simply just been at the
same area of our stop loss. So so far so
far that's how the trade is looking
right now. I'm going to give it probably
like an 15 20 30 minutes to see if I
close and stay tuned. I literally can't
even make this up. I was about to close
the trade and look what just happened.
This is crazy. So, this is currently
here the account right now. This is the
exact same trade. I just took a video
for Instagram so I can post it on
Instagram. Bro, this trade has
absolutely just sniped to the upside,
bro. Let's go. 20,000. Exactly what I
needed. Close off the week with the
 Wow. I can't telling you guys
Wow. I can't telling you guys
set and forget is the only way to do it,
man. I've been waiting all week for
these trades. I was Monday, Tuesday, no
trades. Took a trade Wednesday, I think.
Close it out Wednesday night. Thursday,
no trade. And then we took a trade um
Friday, London session, right? Boom. You
guys, I'm telling you, the strategy is
perfection. We're waiting for a good
trade setups only.
So, let's do a quick recap on how the
week starts. So, we started the account
on Sunday with $7,000 and where I got on
a call with all of my students and I
identified the trades that I was being
interested in trading for the week. Went
on a Zoom call for the students for
probably an hour, hour and a half. We
broke down the trades and then we set
our top five pairs for the watch list
that was going to be for the week. The
watches for the week was going to be
EuroGP, GBP JPY, GBP CAD, GBPUSD, and
USD CHF. You guys saw at the beginning
of the week how I predicted the Euro GPP
drop. Then how I predicted the Euro JPY
push, the GJ push. Everything happened
very fast at the beginning of the week.
But it didn't manage to enter any trades
because it moved too fast. We didn't
take any trades for about 2 3 days and
then we finally executed Euro GBP on
Wednesday night, Thursday morning. But
we then had to close the trade early
because of the explanation that we did
earlier in the video today. And then we
got a very nice trade setup on London
session on Friday which was on GBP CAD.
You guys have seen the other videos on
this series. GBP CAD has been a very
very good pair to us and we've made the
majority of our profits on this
challenge on GVP CAT. Why? It's not
because GBP CAD is the best pair in the
world. It's because it's just been
giving us great opportunities because
all the markets are bullish. So this is
the current account status of the
account. We are at $19,86
in profit. And this is week five of the
challenge. It's crazy. We've been doing
this for already over a month. And where
I am currently right now in the
challenge is exactly where I wanted to
be. Last week, I was under the goal that
I was supposed to meet. The goal for
last week was 10K. I hit 7K. But this
week, we made that up plus where we're
supposed to be this week. So, we're
right on where we're supposed to be.
Next week, I'm supposed to close at
$40,000 in profit. So, then I could
double up every week after that. So, we
can hit the 100 mil just compounding
week after week. Next week, I'm
anticipating some very solid trade
setups, very similar how it was this
week to show you guys that quality over
quantity. So, that is all for week five
of the challenge. I will see you guys
back next week where we're going to be
turning a $100 into a million in 60
days. If you guys want to generate
anywhere from a,000 to $1,500 a week
using my beginner setup for strategy
that has allowed thousands of traders to
do the same, literally any random person
that just gives it all with my strategy
will be able to generate these numbers.
I have a video for you in the link in
the description below which just
explains you more of what the actual set
and forget strategy is and it allows me
to do these type of account builds. So I
appreciate you guys watching this video
all the way to the end. Make sure to hit
the link in the description. It is a
very detailed video and very effective
for new traders, experienced traders or
any type of trader in general. And I
will see you guys next week on part six
of the challenge.
