Now before starting the video I want
 
You have to understand that whenever you Delta
If you use the exchange, you will get a lot there.
Higher fees are going to be charged. Now I give you
That's why I am telling you because this is not a promotion.
Not there. And I basically personally use it
You do it or you don't. It's totally your call. So
I can tell you genuinely
or no, yes boss this is right this is good and
It will be better if you do it like this. Balance
It's totally your call. Now if you are from me
If you ask, basically in Delta Exchange
It's fi your registered and pay there
Charges GST of 18%. So in India
Basically if you are providing any service
Neither there is 18% GST which you have to pay
If it is there then where will it go? It's from your pocket
Will go. The second thing is Delta Exchange.
Whatever you promote, give it, basically give it.
10% off bonus to the referring person. whatever
Whoever is saying this is promoting you.
Or else you should open it from this link only. So that
10% will come. I have just given the link
So you will go from there. I get 10% of whatever you have.
You will make me a diamond with that brokerage
will get. Where will he go from? It's from your pocket
Will go. This is the extra 28%. They
Who is giving? Ultimately you have to give it.
Ok? So what smart play do you also have?
How to do it? You have to do it smartly
that mostly coming into intraday trading
is better. You can do scalping.
I think in scalping within 15 minutes
If your trade is closed then there
There is no fee charged. But Apart From
That is if you are doing intraday trading. Day
If I am trading four to five then I mean
Let your very heavy brokerage go away.
Is. I'll go ahead and show you now that for
For example, if I make ₹1.5 lakh, then ₹1.5
Who knows, ₹25,000 something out of a lakh
There should be only fees. How can you plan properly now?
Are? I would suggest that for multiple trades
Instead, for example, if your intraday
You are going to trade. Three in intraday
If you trade at 1% risk then it is better than that.
I'll see that I'm in higher times
I will see 4 hours and one hour daily in this frame.
And I should make that a trade of mine
It may last two days, three days or one day, meaning
By doing this for one and a half to two days, that means a total of one
I don't trade too many times a day right now.
See how things work out here
Suppose you made three trades in three trades.
All three of your SLs are for example, or
If there is a loss then 3% is lost plus higher brokerage
And if you take a single trade, you will earn 2%
Something there, put a stop loss in that too
Maybe, but the brokerage will be less there.
You should not go a little aggressive in intraday
It would be better if you stay on the swing side. End
The second thing is that you have to go ahead and watch the video.
It will show that whatever trades I took, whatever money I got
I have also made that primarily it on
Swings. It's almost like a trade
It lasted a day, a couple of days, weeks
It hasn't lasted long, but it has lasted for a day,
It lasted for two days, some for three days, some
It has lasted for 12, 15, 18 hours. Trades by doing this
Are there. So, did you notice this a little?
To keep. I think maybe so much
The truth should not be told. No one is so true
Tells. But I want you to understand
All perspectives. Ok? You my link
Open it with someone else, no, do it with someone else,
Don't open it, do it yourself, it doesn't matter.
Does matter. If you have to, these are the
Things you need to keep in mind so that
It should not happen that then that which is not a meme
My investment was Rs 35 lakh. 36
How can you suffer a loss of lakhs?
So this should be happening with you. Apart
From that in this video I have very
Meaning in a simple way, as told to children
It goes away immediately after sitting, that you should
You have to place the order. Look at this kids
By doing this you have to adjust the leverage. Then you like this
The order has to be punched. Meaning all these are very
In simple language, because this is from the same class.
Recording is and classes I teach in
Very simple manner so that it can be understood. Time
It seems like a lot but it's fine. A passionate
I believe that a teacher is one who knows how to control time.
Let's see what he can deliver
How well and how good it is
The student is understanding. So that is
My M. So that's why you know these classes too
Play it long enough and you will see that it is very basic
I have explained everything in the language.
How to calculate lot size. every you
How will you keep your loss the same?
Is. So let's not waste much time.
Let's go straight to the lecture and let's
Understand how you should trade crypto
Have to do it? Okay just let me know. To you
Can you see the screen? Can You See the Screen
And is it audible to you? Good evening. Good
Evening evening everyone?
Can you see the screen?
can you see the screen no ok let me share
It
let me reshare reshare
$14 a month
If V C
Four Hours
So you know exactly where this was followed from
Is. Right? This was the plan.
We should get entry close to here.
I hope everybody remembers this.
So I put on some trades you I am sure
You might have seen it on the story too. let it sleep
Both shots for the trade went well. So
Unless someone tells me the price action is
Negative Structure Broken All Short
Link also if we are doing it then it's all
Not giving us the short entry
So let's see what happens here next anyways
Let's Start With the Crypto Part
Ok
[music]
just a second
Let me log in to Delta Exchange.
So This Is The Home Layout
Off Delta Exchange
We
And let's start now.
So now let's understand how to trade on this
How to plan and how to basically do it
Everything. Now Crypto if we're that far
all the things we've learned about charts,
Psychology, Risk Management, Money
Management, all that applies here.
It is just the way BTC behaves.
The method is a little different. NFT 50 Behaves Slightly Differently
Does. Gold behaves differently. Everything
If you try it, you will get a little
More time will have to be given and everyone will have to be treated separately.
You will have to plan it properly. I am not
Saying that everything cannot happen. may all.
You Can Trade All But It Requires Lots of
Planning and dedication into this. Ok?
As far as the chart is concerned, this chart is 24 hours.
It works. So any gap up gap down in this
You will not get to see it. It's All Smooth
One Chart. Ok? This is the best part
About it. And you can trade anytime,
You can manage your trades at any time.
This is one very good thing about it. Correct
Is? So if we let's say if you want to
Trade Primary trade would be done from my phone
Is. Almost the process is the same. But I will
Just You Know Tell You Here. So let's open.
Well here you will see there is
This is more options than futures than watchlist.
Correct. Then this is analytics.
So if let's say if I put
Well, this is a normal BTC chart I like.
It seemed like such an analysis. Anyways
Let's What I Do Primarily Is
Futures. I Don't Do Options Crypto
In. I only trade futures because this
I think it's the most correct. There was no time for this
There is no problem with MDK. You
Normally you plan the chart and you just
You have to see the direction. because once you are
Trading in options also helps you manage your time.
Have to do it. At a particular time it is necessary that
thing and apart from that you need direction
Also. Ok? So direction is only enough.
So for that I only trade futures. Now
Like in normal futures
What is the problem is that normal futures
I am sorry you will get a lot of normal options
Sometimes higher margin is charged i.e. 5000
Who knows, one lot may come down from Rs 10,000 to Rs 15,000.
Not only this, Nifty is also fine.
Can be bought cheaply on the day of expiry
But usually it is expensive there.
You can trade in crypto even with $2
Technically, you can because you can
You can buy in fractions because one
So it is only $13, so you can buy it.
0.01.002
You can do all this and say goodbye. him we
We will see the whole thing now that exactly we
How to make a trade plan. Ok?
In this as I told you that I have
I had only added ₹ lakh. still is
two yes 2 lakh something and something in this one
I have withdrawn around ₹15 lakh.
Am. And still now it has 2.42 lakhs all
Trades are going here. Then if we let
From Go In PNL Analytics. So last
All crypto was traded in seven days
Five trades have been made. in five trades
Average Win is Around $15,000 Meaning
80% Win Roughly Around $150
The ratio has come out. Touch wood out of five
Five trade targets have been hit. and this is five
All five trades were short. Options I do
No. There is nothing in the option. Futures These
Whatever it is. Ok? So
₹63,000 has been made in the last 7 days. End
I am sure you all have planned all this before
I know from. Tell me you already know that
Don't know? This entire planning is for you. all this
The trade that is lying in it, it is from the same reference
It is on. And it also shows that small
Is it possible to grow the account or not?
Is. So it is possible. Ok? still in it
It's 40,000 plus. When this becomes 50 lakhs
I will withdraw Rs 50,000 from this.
I. 2.25 lakhs only
I understand this, you all
You all already have BTC analysis.
You know, we're shorting it at $19,000.
are correct you make 1:3 very good bhagyesh
Excellent 1:3 Almost Four Booked 50%
Very good, everyone knows the analysis, right?
We worked on the same reference from before.
We are correcting ourselves when we short enter
I had done a U-turn and since then,
Since I have a complete market structure
I am always ready to change the market structure.
I don't trade against pay. So
For now, the entire plan will remain short. Five
Trade Kari 80% accurate result is a good thing
Is. There is no problem up and down right now.
Average loss in the last 30 days
If you see, it is around 5000. Average
The winning amount is around 11,000. Meaning
If seen, the average is around 1:2.2
Risk reward. Ok? Total 22 trades up
did it. Rent of 72% of 22 trades
It has come out because now the reward has become smaller
If yes then the win rate has increased and our
₹155000
Made with the capital of 2 lakh 2 lakh pe
I think it has been made for around ₹1.5 lakh
It's good Nar, I am saying 2 lakh pe koi
Even if you make 1 lakh it is very good, what do you do?
you you you you you you you are not good
In fact 2 lakh pe 60 70000 made 50000
It is very nice, please tell me something like this
Business that starts at ₹ lakh and you
Make it monthly and give it to me, now it is obvious
This may not happen every month.
What do you say next month, nothing will happen?
Fees are normal, swing trading is a problem.
Rishabh, this is not a swing trade.
There was no law in it, there was no trade in it.
Total Release Pay 18000 Win Ratio 58.66
Average Win ₹1000 Average Loss Very Good Very
Nice Sachin Sachin has taken a trade
Total Release Penal is 18000, Average Win
The rate that has come out is 58%.
But the amazing thing is
That his average win is around ₹1100 and
The average loss is only 160. Very
Excellent. How much capital do you use? I
I will tell you now. by point
It happens. According to the number of charts you ask for
From this we calculate our quantity.
Ok?
Ok. So, this was a thing. You just saw
I took it and made some money. small account taxes
Can, can't. Everything is there. Main
There is no trade in this. Main Trade You Know
It happens in Binance. because you know all the
Things. Q Let's do it in Binance. It's
Easy and we don't mess around much with it.
Correct? It's almost like we
Don't want to get into the law of taxes and
Everything. Ok? Now we come to futures.
This Is What I Do and This Is What I Will Teach
You Today. Chart it's running on this. But
All my chart analysis is done
It is on the charts of Trading View.
So that if there are some ups and downs in it
I'm fine with the rest.
Ok? Write one thing down in advance. whenever
If you also plan to trade on BTC then chart
Binance lets you view spot charts in
You can. Because there is more liquidity there
Is. Apart from that, very precise data
If you want, you can check out TradingView.
There is a chart called Let Me Open
Also Trading View Just Show You
Simultaneously.
So first of all you should search BTC through LETS.
USDT.
Ok? I am telling you about this swing later
In. So, this chart is in front of you.
Ok? give after that if you here
You will go and type B Bitcoin
Index
All
This is the only chart that will give you
The journey from here will show when Bitcoin reaches $12
Used to be. The only chart is this April
in 2013.
Ok? So, it runs on an average basis.
Meaning multiple things combined together
is an average and its on the basis of average
There. So, whenever I get some long term
Swing or something strong like that, a little long
Some planning has to be done for the time, I
Primarily see this chart. Ok? I hope
You understood this thing.
You will see that there is a slight difference in the value.
This is 13197 and we are running on Delta.
Is 186. Now you have to keep this thing in mind. it
Cheese scalping and intraday trading are not allowed.
I would do it. By the way, it's for scalping
I think maybe they have something to do with it. What is
Scalping Pay? Zero Hero Fee is something like this
Maybe theirs. If it ends within 15 minutes
There is trade. Yes. Zero Fee with Future
Scalper offers. What is Terms and
Conditions? I don't know, you can go and read it, but
Maybe if you close within 15 minutes
It does not cost you any fees.
Within 15 minutes on Delta Exchange
If you do, there is no benefit in scalping.
There are no charges, else you have to pay fees.
and if the time comes to pay the fees then
Their fees are very heavy
If you did not understand then make sure that
You are mostly
Just do a swing trade. This is what you trade
Around 22 trades were seen in a month
If you calculate, on an average
If you see, one trade for two days is approximately
It lasted around a day to a day and a half. Ok?
Primarily something has been gone for a long time. Some?
It is also kept on short term basis. means trade pay
I have also done trade overlap trades.
There is one or two in the middle. So mostly it
No, if I was scalping then I
B probably still in it 50 60 something or 60
There would be trades around 100
Only 22 primarily under one hour in this
I don't even watch it for about 15 minutes.
to know
Nothing happens, I don't see neither, I
C 5 minutes okay because look now I
Should I make ₹1.5 lakh by making 150 trades or 20?
Make ₹15 lakh by trading
It's a matter of going around and around, this thing comes up again
At the end average pay. Ok? now here
Let's come. Here You Will See a Chart
The analysis is the same. All the rules are the same
We have learned so far. support resistance
Candles multiple confirmation and everything.
Now Here If You Will See Joe Leverage It
100s. I always have 100x leverage.
Is. in fact sometimes it's if I call it
Even if I do 200X, I will get nothing from it.
It's not going to make any difference. Why? because I
I am not saying goodbye 100%.
If I buy BTC 100% then I will get 2.2 BTC
will get. But I am not doing it.
This is also one of your misconceptions here.
That too should be far away that leverage you then
Makes a lot of impact when you are full
You use full margin in leverage. If
I used it 200x. For example
Now look and understand. Suppose I do this
I will give you 50x. It now has 50x leverage.
Ok? We calculate a trade and
See your trade in it. Let's say we
Long on the basis of this candlestick
We take the trade and whatever trade we make
He will go and take such a long position. These are like this
We put risk reward two. Now This
This is the stop loss. And Let's Keep It
High of the candle 12: Risk Reward of 2.53
It is in it. Now if I place a stop loss stop
I calculate the loss. come down a little further
Are. Here is the Central Line. Stop Loss
If I calculate the stop loss, it is being made
Around $448. Let's say $450. Ok? My
How much is Capital Hai Lets doing right now?
In this? ₹ lakh. You will see the average loss in it.
The one that is there is worth 5000 something. So now this
Tell me divide 5,000. How much can be made from 86?
Used tobe?
Divide 5000
By 86 is how much?
So that's $58. Ok? Now risk management
If you look at it from the perspective of $60
The stop loss is high. But this is my
There is no main capital. I spent that much money
It is kept in mind that if it closes tomorrow then
I was like ok no problem put stop loss
Brother, the work worth ₹2 lakh is finished. and approximately
I withdrew approximately ₹1.5 lakh this month.
Took. Last month also I think it was 75000
Something was something. So my money is complete
I had put it in, it has come out.
Almost almost okay it's already out. About
Has it already come out 225000 but a little
Plus it came out and you got it, you understand
No?
Did you understand this far? ok now back
Let us come to that leverage point. So
I am taking a stop loss of $50. Ok?
Meaning, below this I am useless.
Working for me. So my attempt would be to
I have put in $50, $60, in fact, $80 also.
Loss plan has been done in this and in fact one
I had a stop loss of $100.
Meaning it was a $10 plan, not a $10,000 plan.
and went up to around 110. because fast
I also encountered some market slippage.
Ok? So this is not my main capital.
So that's why I'm going to put it between 50 and 100.
I take a stop loss. as I see fit
Seems like But if you suppose someone is near
There's only so much money
That brother, it is only ₹2 lakh. If he goes then the work is over.
So how much risk will he take? What
Seems like? How much risk will you take?
1%
Correct? What is 1% of 2 lakhs? 2000
How much is control in 2000? 2000 by
Dollars 2000 divided by 85
That is roughly $3 if it is an intraday trade
If he is taking then his stop loss is around $23
Should be $23 to $25
Correct
If he is swinging, how much should he take it for?
could
2 to 3% so do 23 * 3, what is it
How much is it? 23 * 3
Assume $69 $0. So if we look at it, 2 lakh
I make a swing of, say, $70 to $50
I am taking a stop loss of Rs. This is also fine.
The problem is when I go to stop loss
Should I plan for $250 or $300? He is a little
There is something wrong. Make Sense
What do you think? Make sense right then that I
I know I won't do it because if I
I can do 10% though, no problem.
Now I am completely safe, now I
If you see a good trade from this then
I can plan a stall of 50%, right but
That wouldn't be the right thing to do at all.
what happened one second
What have I broken now? Yes, I have fallen asleep.
Hope you understood this thing now
If I'm late now, I'm late
The loss is $50. Now you know that in
That's what your candlestick is made of.
Around $450 and your capital will be
Allowing a stop loss of $50. Fair Enough
Did you understand? because after that you will have to
This thing has to be calculated accordingly. Understanding
Did I come or not? $50 is my loss.
And the chart is showing me the stop loss
Of $450. Let's see this again. This which
It's a particular thing it's showing us.
$450.
Correct?
How about $450? Let's see it again. Look at this
$48 is coming down. So he himself
Rounded that to a stop loss of $450
Is. Ok? Random trades are just like that.
There is no analysis etc. Technically Long
I don't want to go into this. But Just for Two Makes
U Understand Position Sizing Part.
My stop loss is becoming $50 of the trade.
So what do I do now? Divide Your Losses
Buy chart loss.
Your Loss How much was your loss? $50
Divide by Chart Loss Chart Loss How much loss
Is it showing? $450 do the math. Ok?
So if I put it $50 divided by $450.11
I have arrived.
0.11
Now I go here and understand
I put it and it became 110 lots, their language
I needed a margin of $63 for that.
What if I had leveraged 50x?
I have understood
How much is my margin of $263?
I'm not taking it. $23 isn't cutting it.
He will use that much margin from me.
Ok? Did you understand? because
Technically, if you look at it, it is 0.11
That's a 10% one means approximately 1300 how much?
13,000
is the position of. Approx
Can you do math? This $13,000 Bitcoin
and what is 10% of it? 1 lakh just
11,000 $1000 yes $1000 sorry so that's $1000
is the position of. OK, you got it? Now we
What we do here is we use our leverage
Let's increase the . We leverage
100 x. Now you look down, now he just
Taking $40 from me.
Now he is not taking it. what do you say to me
Are? $230.
So will I lose by increasing the leverage now?
Will it be more? You tell me yes or no
Bhagesh will not be correct, Digvijay will not
It will be because the quantity is the same i.e. 0.11
Okay, now let's increase the leverage to 200.
X straight oh my god common sense didn't work
Why would you guys have an account?
Liquidate Baba, you are taking this trade down.
what is written in it this stop loss this
Stop loss is written above it.
What is the trigger price and how much is the stop loss being made?
Is yours in this? 112725 Oh no common sense
You apply it, friend. 112
$53
Let's set it. How much can the target become?
Was it ours? Let's set the target.
$14369
So let's put $14000
What is this coming from?
Let us go.
Hey, did something go wrong? 1 lakh.
I feel I have increased the quantity.
Did you do it? One second.
Ok.
One second. 11 BTC We did some calculations
I have not made a mistake. No Stop Loss Will
B
It should be 1 2 na 111000
A
Perfect End Target Is 114
Let's set it. Ok? Set Bracket By
Don't Show Again Place Order
Why There Is No Stop Order Good Stop
The order is already placed
now I have this
Stop loss set target set leverage mine now
200x even if the market falls
Why will it be liquidated, that is my stop.
He will throw you out on loss, didn't you understand?
Didn't come brother, can you keep this much in the couple
We people
Use some common sense brother, this is eth class.
the child will understand that okay okay you
Have understood this thing and not account
Why will it be liquidated, brother?
Why the account will get liquidated
When will the stop loss be removed?
The captive trade is ongoing and then BTC is here right now
fell from and reached $10 then
will be liquidated
I don't know who this Neeraj Joshi is.
My first account was liquidated multiple times.
Is. If you don't place a stop loss, it will happen.
It must be so. That's an obvious thing.
Do you understand now? Did he come or not? Nitin
Did he come or not? Talent came to you that
Haven't you come yet? Tell me tell me? you understood
This Thing or Not?
Hmm
Everybody Got It?
Yes.
All clear, anyone who hasn't come yet
till. Hey! God
I have not yet installed auto top up in it.
Have done. There are two types of margins.
I primarily trade on Binance
Am. The last one was a $4,000 trade that
That was also in Binance. Ok?
In this I don't use top up and all. So what
I use Binance. Binance
In There Are Two Types of Margin. One Is
Isolated, one is cross. of isolated
This means that suppose my A to what
Do you speak? $76 of margin is being used.
Ok? So I set a stop loss of $50.
But suppose the stop loss is not triggered
If this happens, my maximum stop loss is $76.
It will go away. This is the isolated order. And
A cross order means that if the stop
If I don't feel any loss then whatever is in my account
I have full funds lying in this case
He will take the entire $3000. That's the
Difference between cross and isolated. Correct
Is? That's all I do in it and I
Don't I think my cross is in this
It is set. Main cross. Yes, look up.
You can change the margin mode from here.
It is there too. What to do in Now Isolated
It will be said that the amount of the trade taken is equal to
The stop loss will be placed. Maximum if in case
If it goes against and if it is in it then
Then in its cross then as much as your whole
Margin will do the same. But complete
I am scared on margin because my stop loss is
It is installed, isn't it? Meaning it is not installed yet.
But I will put my stop loss. Right?
Should I upload a video like Dhan right here?
I'll pick it up and tell them to stop on YouTube.
Well, you reminded me, wait a second.
The class should be so simple that everyone
Everyone should understand, no one should know.
I will give it and I will not leave until this
It doesn't get completely clear any easier than this
No one can teach you, no one I am
Telling you nothing could be easier than this.
Will Teach You the Easiest Possible Way
Still not coming, tell me that I
Did not come. I will explain it to you again. again
Like Pratibha did not get the first one.
then explain
I will explain again and again. But
You have to make sure it is clear. In this
If he doesn't come then he won't come anywhere.
Ok? And you have to be very clear with
This process. One mistake account disappeared. this thing
Take care.
You understood. Make one mistake and your account will disappear.
So make sure you are not doing this.
You saying this is the first time a teacher has said it.
I keep talking in class all the time.
Did everyone get it or not? We are once again
Let's process it. repeating again
Am. Understand carefully. Leverage 100 to 200x
Yes, it doesn't make any difference. Until you
Do you think about placing a stop loss or not? If
Your stop loss is set just below the leverage
If you take leverage, you will be charged more margin.
If you leverage more, less margin will be charged.
If you want as a beginner that boss I
If I stay mostly safe then I can leverage it.
Do it 25
Ok. Now like now for 0.011 BTC
I have a margin book of $510.
$50
It has booked a margin of Rs.
Ok? And if you want to go safely then cross this
Change the margin mode to isolated
Keep two more leverages around 50 years. it
It has become absolutely safe for you.
If you don't understand then what will happen if whenever
You will make a trade plan as much as you want.
If the margin has gone up or down, suppose
Anything goes, anything X, Y, Z.
You will lose as much money as the margin.
It is being used. Ok?
Did you understand?
Did he come or not? Two things, three things, we
It should be clear. How to take a trade?
How to calculate lot size? Stop
How to apply loss? What do they all mean?
Have you understood or not?
Ok? And
Me
And don't ask any more questions. which other
Is it a platform? Also I am using Binance
I use it. But for Binance I have
Dos Cloud Transfers. I take it to the bank
I don't give. This is my bank account in this
It is linked.
That's why I am trading in it.
Because I also have to add money.
Although I did not add it last time.
For 3-4 months. Only those can trade in it
I have been. If I want to add money, I
I can probably add it from my bank account and
I want to withdraw money. Here on Withdrawal
I will click. Directly into my bank account
goes. I don't like any P to P drama.
Don't want it.
ok got it you got it
Sir Analysis and Entity Time Frame
Now we will do complete technical analysis.
First you will read that, you already know that.
Is
More fees, hey brother, more fees, more table leverage
It does not happen that more quantity means more fees.
Yes, do you understand it right or not, more quantity more
Leverage More Fees
He's charging you 0.005%
Now if you take a position of $1 lakh then its
will take 0.005. If you take a position of $10,000
That much is his.5
Will take. If you take a position of $1000, then that much
will take 0.05. Now if you still feel that
This position is worth $500 so it's not boss $500
Position of. This position will bring 0.11 BTC
of $1,000 so that's 0.5% of 11,000
Is taking. Did you understand or not?
We do not charge leverage fees.
Leverage is just a thing. quantity fee
It happens. You will take one bitcoin according to that
Will take. Hey brother, you don't have common sense.
Where has your common sense gone? Yes.
Use common sense, whatever goods are in front of you
You will never trade on the exchange now.
What has he done with it in the Indian Exchange?
It is no different if you buy 10 lots on the exchange.
If it is for futures then how much brokerage is charged
₹3000 lot at ₹300
The quantity they are taking from you
Charging on the basis of quantity, right?
that leverage is just a tool on the basis of leverage
Whether to use less margin or more
If you want to use it, then understand that you have become irritated.
Yes, I have just broken the printer.
I will have to get a new one now
Cloud Transfer Binance I Don't Teach
Binance is a different thing, that's crypto.
The concept of blockchain is that I don't want to mess with it.
us pe it's a risky task so you have to
Before Cross Chain Transfer You Have To
Understand blockchain that even if one initial
If it goes up or down, what will be its consequences?
If even one change happens, the entire money will be lost.
Whatever you have transferred. So
First, let's understand blockchain transfers.
Understand blockchain. After blockchain, add it
How do you do it in Wallet? Because multiple
Blockchains are there. Crypto's Bitcoin's
There is blockchain. Then there is Web 20, then
There is ERC20, TRC20 right? Matic Key
I also have one of my own. This is how you have to understand.
And then you transfer that
Direct crypto you put in your cloud wallet
Gave. Meaning Metamask or Trust Wallet and
Direct money from there to Binance, Binance
Trust, trust Binance. very nominal
There is a fee for that. And just bank that money
It will not come into the account. when you are out somewhere
If you go, you can book cash outside. I have
$2000 US Dollars Shell I Take $20 Stop Loss
and $10 Depends Depends Atif if you
I don't feel very aggressive
Have to go. I have time to slowly grow money
I will do it. I will say that keep it on the lower side.
Have a between ah 20 15 to 20 you can do it.
10 would be too little. have 15 to 20
And aim for $60 and something something like
That. 60 and $50 crosses were not placed. Cross
You can apply it. Stop loss has to be placed. Cross
Put or isolate stop is losant. you understand
Are you there Nitin? And always judge yourself.
do it. That's why I never
I don't get confused. Sometimes Forex
I keep a simple calculation that this is so much
Lot means this item is worth so much. 1% of that much
will form. That which is our old way.
Here too I have a simple process. that much
Dollar position. so much like this
By doing you understand? A profit of $3 was made.
I didn't even see it. $25 up. Let us go
It's a good thing. It has become like that just by sitting.
From now on, while taking classes, yes, but this random
There is trade. This is not just any trade.
Don't let anything happen because of this. It just happened like that.
There was the Chominance candle. The trade is done. Ok.
Let's go to $20 close. market
Close. Only 18 left. No problem.
I will definitely get coffee. Now tell me this now
What other doubts are there in this? quickly
Ask. Will trade from 1 lakh. So TP
How much stop loss, oh my god Rahul
What is 1% of $1.5 lakh?
If we are doing intraday then ₹1500
Stop loss: Divide 1500 by 8500.
Will go and if swing trade at 15.5 lakh
If you are planning then I plan for 2 to 3%
If I do it then it is around 3 to 4000 instead of 3000.
Will remain. So 4000 by
85 will be I guess around 3054 something okay
I got it, around 40$45 you got it
everything is clear
Look, he has reached numerology.
Everything is Clear But Chat GPT Says
Crypto is not for me trading then, right?
Try it for you Give it a try.
Give it a try. It's It's very good.
It's very good. I am telling you.
Now watch you trade while sitting at night
If you are getting it then you can take the trade comfortably.
From. How much is it to manage and this is a good thing
In this you also get that deposit withdrawal.
Used to be. But I am not suggesting.
So look, I have kept that much fund. If
Anything happens wrong. So I said, Sir, you
I had said. So that's why I put delta
Exchange Pay. Now you said I
Invested money by selling land on Delta Exchange
and Delta Exchange closed. all
This is not something permanent. Go with a plan
As per your wish. Ok? If this happens to me
No brother, yes only to me
What do you say? Give referrals
If you want to take it then I will tell you to come and take Delta.
Come to the exchange only.
Referral income is good. There is nothing wrong with that
Is. Because you will trade anyway.
You will open an account. do it with me
Take. But It's Not How Much I Think Would Have Been Made
In referrals. Look, let's see that too. $35
Tell me if it is ready yet. It's been three or four months.
$35
And give your opinion on how much income you have earned.
I think I may get two lakhs in one and a half to two months.
100% more than 100% okay so that's wa
thing ok now tell me i have some more doubts
Kia is better than referral, session does not matter
I don't do that much on sessions.
I am in this session, there is no straight chart which is visible
I have a plan with her, but one thing is
There, whenever you plan your trade
Meaning a little before the New York session
When it was about to start from New York
Half an hour before that the movement starts
Goes to the market in crypto
Specifically.
Ok? Best to Trade Crypto
time frame which is it is a
One is from 3:00 pm to 3:00 am
3:00 am to 5:30 pm 5:30 am
Because at 5:30 a.m., Crypto's Daily
The candle changes. one time frame second
One is 5:00 p.m. from 5:00 p.m.
Around 10:00 am, this four-hour program is a
There is a frame. There is a good time frame and
In the morning I will say around 9:00 pm
From 9:00 am till around 11:00, this is it
There are three time frames, use whichever suits you best.
Take. Any updates on Ducati bikes? Yes.
I don't know, there is something.
But being honest, that has happened.
No. Didn't you go and see it on YouTube?
Video? I have got it unboxed. that abuse
That is the final. Just go on your birthday
I have to buy a gift.
The new one is final. 25 Remove water.
If you have any other doubts in this, please tell me quickly. Then
Let's move on.
If there is any doubt then it is better that I go ahead and do this now.
Let me tell you, we are more interested in this
When to take leverage? Ok? be careful
See. We'll shift it for 5 minutes.
Pay. Ok?
Now from Let's
I want to take a stop loss.
A dominance candle is visible. Long
Position Here
Stop loss will be let's say here. Now look
My stop loss in this is becoming $12. We
Let's round it up to 200.
I am on this trade
Stop loss is set at $150.
Because if the trade went through then instead of 150 I
I will make ₹4. Now just calculate it. 150
by 200
Is how much? 150/200 is how much?
0.75
Cool. Now look carefully. This is so far
Did you understand the scenario or not? Otherwise
Then some people will go to sleep now.
Did you understand or not? Tell me quickly.
so much to you
This is how the scene turned out, we made $150 on this trade.
I have to plan stop loss and target
We will keep $450 and this is an intraday trade.
The screen is not showing in 5 minutes time frame.
How is this happening to me?
It is visible in this
Everything is fine, right? Now quantity.
How much did it cost? 0.75
Now look carefully. I have kept my leverage low.
Now.
insufficient balance because he
You need a margin of $35,000.
oh sorry
My bad. Sorry 0 Sorry Sorry 0.75
Insufficient Balance (HB) margin of $3500
Needed
So I can take this trade.
Kunal, you will not be able to complete it once.
Watching the recording is still more than halfway through.
The class is over for over an hour.
You are so late for class today.
40 minutes of class has been completed but no summary has been given.
I understand this completely as crypto.
I have been with the children right from the beginning
So you have to watch the recording.
Kanal de no option is wrong in short
I will explain, if something goes wrong you will lose.
ok got it now what can we do
Because we have to take trades also. by 50
Let's see.
Now you see, as soon as I do 50 times 50,
He's using my $800 margin.
He's not taking the butt for $800. Now tell me this
If it weren't for something as sweet as leverage
So I don't get any trade here.
And who knows, this trade might go in my favor.
And earn Rs 450 and give it to me. Good
What does stop loss even say to me in this?
It's a $50 set so it's not like my
I'm blowing up the Capitol, I'm the only one
The meaning in the bar is a little more if you look at it
Meaning I am planning for almost 5-6%
I'm butt okay man
How much is it, how much is it in dollars
This is $300 $2800, I will never pay anything to you for $2800.
If I want to go aggressive, okay, I'll take
I'm willing to risk $50
I will take a stop loss, it's no big deal.
Correct because 450 is shown in return
To become 400 but now there would be no leverage
I will not be able to take leverage again.
Trade because trade is good for
Example random right now whatever it is but to make
You understand why leverage is
Helpful, so if I just increased it to 50x
Now tell me whether you understood it or not.
Quick
I am feeling so much affection, can I understand it or not?
Hope you're getting it
Right now if we put it on 50x then he's my
will use the $1800 margin from
I put it at 200x
Now he just takes a stop loss of $500 from me.
Used to be. I can take trades comfortably.
Now understand that I will keep the leverage at 50.
Now should I keep the leverage at 50 or 200?
Because I am 0.75
I am taking BTC. how much is 0.75 btc
Are you coming? How much will it cost? approximately approximately
This is a trade worth around $80,000. So my
Brokerage 0.5% of $80
Whatever percentage they have will be lost.
Did you understand or not?
Should I leverage it at 50%, 200% or 100%?
It doesn't matter what I do.
Why look at the liquidation price? Nitin
Why watch it? Why behind liquidation
Are you lying down? Why would you place a stop loss?
Liquidation? And if you trade like this
You will blow up the account. What am I going to lose? do it
As you wish. Regarding petrol liquidation
In your mind
It's your call. You can take it.
Brokerage is charged on margin.
It seems to be on position.
These people don't understand it, do they?
Deepak is saying guys we have fixed the loss
If it is given then we have to think about liquidation
why is it
Liquidation when our loss is fixed
Why do you have to think brother, mind about liquidation?
why do you want to take it
put it on
Go On To Liquidation Part
Don't even think about it. If there is defined risk,
If it is fixed then there is no point in liquidation.
Exactly Nitin
Now what will happen in the worst case? admit it now
We are sitting, sitting, sitting and
Bitcoin crashed. one at a time
The candle became straight and in one stroke it came straight.
Let's knock out a candle worth $100,000.
Has anyone ever experienced
And if you haven't done it yet, you can do it later.
If you keep doing it, you will get it. I still
It was the time of Remember 2020. I think of 2020
It was April and some April month. I
Think Bitcoin 4 hour two candles mean 8
Within 8 hours
$000 to $3000 half
can you imagine
$000 to $3000
This is a very tricky thing because there is no
There is no lower circuit. No exchange
I am sitting here and will stop trading today.
It could go down 50% in a day.
Go and the trade will continue.
Ok? You understood?
All right. So always have a pre-planned position.
Do not wait. I thought I would hold on.
Maybe it will go up. This is not all this
It works. Then it became useless. then
What is the use? So what if it itself
If you want to do it then there is no sense of class.
Is. Because what are we here primarily
They say they are learning and not in the trade.
How to manage, how to do it, psychology
How to do a position plan Trading plan
How to carry it
And that's why I'm working hard, otherwise I
Should I just make a course and sit down?
Go learn why should I waste so much time
I have been sitting for two hours and teaching so that
Let those things be developed which we have come to do.
Do not have this in mind
There is such a thing as liquidation of
I don't want anyone to be correct always.
Enter with a pre-planned thing somewhere else.
No problem, leave it then
All clear, I understood it till here.
Liquidation and Everything Leverage Margin
Stop Loss Target Everything You Got It
I understood the real game very well.
Now what do you have to do after this?
What I personally do that we did yesterday
I saw the trade. Let's go to tomorrow's trade
Let's discuss. And before that, we have a
Let's also discuss the trade of Rs 14,000.
Ok? Which I shorted on Binance
Was. So if we put it on indicators and if
We go on EMA.
Let's put two times.
Now tomorrow no one will ask me about yesterday's
The trade which I have taken short today from yesterday.
All trades went into profit. How did he go?
Which solid analysis should I use? Some?
No. Do what you have been doing till then
Is. As yet
Price Understanding Price Going Up.
Small candles are being made. Price
Consolidation, EMA retest, market
The structure is already negative. Also in the deli
No, not daily, sorry, four hours. Correct?
Market Structure Negative EMA Already
Negative doesn't make any sense, logic long
The way to do this is to short the rejection candle.
Then If We Let's Say
go back here
we that
Although $8000 makes you crazy.
It could have become 3035000 but this is of no use.
I did not even expect this much target in this
It was mine. 1 lakh 12,000 900 something here
There was some target. Ok? Now what was the
The concept behind that? It is very clear in
I can't see that thing. TradingView Pay
It will be clear here. Look how much
There is a difference in the candle. So I trade
I prefer the chart view.
My concept of taking the trade was this
This was a U-turn
I had explained this thing to you so deeply.
And besides that, there's this YouTube
Have I guessed the same thing?
I had entered earlier, I had crossed over
I had not entered, I had entered earlier.
took because there was this daily candle and
Its next candle crossed its low
There was already and then it was somewhere here. So
It was a bit early entry than stop loss
Was this about $500 in that some stops
There was loss and the target was around this trap
The area was 7000 so the stop loss was $8000
The target was there, then he made me cry a lot, this whole thing
Confusion gone, the whole day wasted, next
Day also made me cry a lot, then finally he went and
I showed stills for around $2000
held on but once he started recovering
I thought it might be completely reversed.
So then I gave him $000 200 something
closed on dollars and then after that
If that target is hit then it's ok but never mind
I have no regrets about that in my mind.
Because I made my own decision
Woh So No Regrets
It was such a simple trade. Well, if before
I will go and see it on a 4 hour time frame.
This is the higher high of the price. You See That
Thing
This was priced higher and here
Price has taken a pause a mini higher low
As you can say. Ok? end price
Below this, I have already closed it here.
Was.
So for me it was already like that, no, yes
Now it's for it's it's already ah done.
Market structure has been changed.
Ok? And apart from that, if you look at
than this thing let's say even if he doesn't
No, I don't take it late, give it to him.
That is also there. I had confidence here
That now the market structure will change
Only plan for short short shot and then
This one. And taking reference of this, he said
I had an account from which I made good money.
Touch wood on that and I still need more on that.
Pyramiding had to be done. Unfortunately Tax
Couldn't find it. This account remains instantaneous.
Is. So whatever you can see on this
Isn't this let's go back again.
65,000 in the last few days and now we have 2000
And when we made more, it increased from 63 to 65,000. 30
Days 1.56 Lakh Only All Trades
It is short. Not a single trade is long. One
Also the trade is not long. all short short
Short short short. Because my main
There was a big trade going on in the account. So his
Because I was like let's go aggressive.
I will do it short only. Short on this too
do. This was made because it was on that
I don't have to disclose all the funds.
publicly that how much money I have in it
What is. So break it down to show it
Look boss.
It was made there and it was made here. When it is here
The whole game is about quantity. low quantity,
Less money, more quantity, more money
It's that simple.
We have seen all the proofs. Ok? Understanding
Am I here? Any other doubts?
A new month starts today
If this becomes 2.5 lakh then trophy will be 30000
And you know what the amazing thing about it is
All the money in the account is going to ma'am.
All that fat is going into ma'am's account.
I am donating this money to charity.
Money is not coming, this is withdrawal
reaches ma'am
We because the withdrawal that is going on this
₹2000 ma'am got ₹2000 for coffee yes coffee
I mean, there will be two people, so let's say coffee.
If you go to drink, the coffee will cost Rs. 800-900 and you will get two.
People will sit and drink 1800 something meaning bun
will have a coffee, have a sandwich
Cheese sandwiches I think Starb's is very
The bill became too much and amounted to Rs 2000.
I understood it correctly ma'am it is reel and or
Actually yes I have a Binance account.
This account is from Kind of Ma'am Just Whatever
They are making money, it's great, look at them
Made ₹15 lakh sitting at home
You also give me your account.
Don't do this to anyone. Always remember yourself
Trade with. Trade by yourself. I
I am trying to build a community.
Because whatever trades I took in this, I
I am taking all those trades into account
I will do a show there. means everything means like
Get a trade plan, take a trade, take a screenshot,
Stop loss, target, post there. He just now
There is a delay in Class Plus. not made
I just found that. We will be. So whoever
Basically this account which is
I keep taking the trade, he keeps taking it.
So if ₹ lakh something is his too
The profit would have been this much. But Again It
Require the Discipline It Requires
Discipline. Now I know the problem, I know it
Where does she come with people? You
People know everything and you guys
Be aligned with me. So Things Can
Work for you. Suppose a normal person is someone like this
Does he come randomly and join or not?
I found a good crypto guy here.
He will go and I will go and join him.
Do you know where the problem will arise? something to him
I don't know about psychology.
I set a stop loss of say x, a
Stop loss accepted. Now that hope
Am I sitting or not, no, friend, hold on.
If I do it, I will hold it. and then find out
BTC seemed to be falling, falling.
Is. Big Loser
This happens. So that's why if someone
No one's psychology is right,
Nothing is right. 99%
Chances are that if you take the same ₹ lakh and
There is a high probability that someone sits for 30 days
Here it will be shown as ₹1.5 lakh, 1 lakh plus
And there it may be negative
Seen.
I have personally experienced this thing
There is a high probability that this could happen, is it okay?
I am not even with you because you know that
Yes sir, this is the logic behind it, it came out like this
If this adjustment happens, then this is it.
behind that and you no stop loss means taking
There is no stop loss in it, there should be no ifs and buts.
Maybe because you don't see any loss in it.
It's not just profit, it's empty past
It's a good thing that you've made ₹60 a week.
All trades made profits during the day
But the earlier 90 ₹000 something has been made.
Yes, 90 95000 means roughly lakhs.
If stop losses are also included in it then it means
I won't have to. Isn't it? Got it?
Now tell me what is your doubt in this and the rest
You already know the charts.
And whenever you take a trade, for example
Let's understand this thing. whenever you
take trades
Let's say, for example, you are planning for
Zero Point
TPSL is visible below. Without TPSL
As a beginner, you don't know your trade.
You understood? No trade without TPSL
If already taking it. I mean, you're just air
I am taking it. Yes, the same process happens
Rohan lot size calculation is same in that also.
Ok? Risk management is compulsory.
Preplanning is very compulsory. If in this
If you are not going then it means that you
You are just taking trades in the air. donation
Everything is like this. then
There is no point. And I'll swing for
I am telling you again. I for the swing
By opening Delta Exchange. infact I
I don't even use the system. System Key
Which are my primary trades, it
I use Binance for that.
And the analysis for swing is here
I am using this time chart, Delta
If I am not using the exchange chart
This is like a little life hack for you.
Hack Like Use This One Do Not Use That
This thing with Delta looks like this to you
There will be a difference, see how big the difference is.
Let me show you right now, let's go to the daily.
Time Frame
You You Just You Just See This Candle
What Amount of Confidence This Candle Is
Giving to you this one
Because I placed that trade on this candle only.
I took it and made $4. Now if
If I had looked at this chart from the left, I would have
Confidence will not come. I would never trade that
Doesn't take it.
You See This Chart and You See These Candles
Here.
I am not able to read candlesticks here.
It is that Boss Bear has tried his best but
The Sailor Becomes Fully Dominant
And then take a break too. what does it look like
Used to be? Take it, break it but full
It did not become dominant. means that high in
It has not been made. As much as has been made here.
Here the equal is to become absolutely high or by high
This means that it appears that the buyer has placed a full
I have tried it. Atlet The End Sailor Got You Are
in control
Because I had taken the trade earlier with this understanding.
But what is visible here, Bayer Full
Dominant and opened here went up a little bit
Then down, then take a break, just no
You are able to understand confidence, right?
Understood this thing, you are realizing
Is this the same thing happening or not?
No difference because I have to be honest
If I were here with you, I would have seen this
So I never take such a big trade.
Why I set a stop loss of $800 in this trade
I will take it, I am not a fool
This gave me the confidence. So whatever my
In fact, you trade on the four-hour time frame.
You might remember the plan you made yesterday.
One Swing on the Four Hour Time Frame
Will plan.
And if anything comes here on rejection
If so, we will plan for a trade. he too
Was on TradingView. Delta I also opened
I didn't do it yesterday. Correct. All These Things
Here are here.
A Surjeet I am not using ATR etc.
Am. I Used to Use Back in 2022
Now I have made it more simple.
Hmm made it more simple.
What is pyramiding?
see now.
My
The Binance trade was ongoing. short in it
There was trade. So what happens usefully? When
We got our direction checked. We are short
We are making profit in the trade. So
It's almost like we are one
The target was achieved. After achieving the target
Let us close that trade. And since we know that
The market is currently moving in our favor.
And we know the price action is also
In technical terms, price action and all.
And in simple words, the market is in my favor.
I am going to. It's getting better. so me
Close your trade by taking profit
We have to keep increasing it. size until it goes down
Down down down. Selling every single one as it rises.
Sell ​​on every rising swing and
Have to sell in large quantity. and but
I have to take the same loss as I did last time.
Maximum profit was made in the last. So
It's basically like what we do now
Yes people, we are incurring losses and you should buy it. Lose
It is there and buy it. It will probably go up. Loss
It is happening and buy it. It will probably go up.
We are doing just the opposite of this.
That the market fell. For example, I
Let me explain it to you as well. My pyramiding
I missed my trade, that one of mine
Aman is a student, so we discussed it too.
He will watch the video with him now.
So he will definitely come and comment on these comments.
I told him that he had come there.
When I was in Jaipur, I had
Told him that it was just here, sorry somewhere.
Then he told him that the price will come here.
No, here, as much as I did last time
Profit booked which was around
around $4000
I will risk the entire amount of Rs 13,000.
something that is almost complete
I will take more risk if last time
I took 5 BTC and shorted 34000
So this time I got a boot of about
The plan was to take around 8 BTC on Peacock.
This would have also resulted in a good profit.
Then if it goes down from the late it I have
Closed it again give me pullbak until
The market structure does not become bullish.
I will add more but that will be my profit
Basically from let's I made 14,000 here
And the price drop here is what I have seen.
I could only do it in Delta. open in it
i was unable to do. But accept my position here.
14 15000 Something Lets Make $00 More
My total is $24,000, so now I am in third place.
The trade planned was a stop at $24,000.
I plan for loss.
So now understand it like this from the let's and technically
I am telling you this after looking at it
10,000 would have been made because the price had gone up
Is. But if I had placed a stop loss of Rs 14,000
If I have planned it, I try to
I want at least 28,000 or 25,000 or at least
I will make 20,000 and take it with me.
You got it? Then came the latter from the
Have made $28,000 1:2 because support below
If it was about me then I would have got such a big reward.
Can't see. I was already carrying it.
Ok? But let's say I have made it now
$28,000 and $00 so now in the next trade
My full stop loss will be $30,000 or a little
If you want to be less aggressive, you can do this
I will save Rs 10 and make it Rs 20,000. So now
If I buy it for 20,000 and get 1:3, then how much will I get?
Will I get it? You will get $0000 more at 1:2
You will get Rs 60,000 at 1:3. Now if you need
that I don't have to be that aggressive
For example, make your first trade for Rs 14,000.
If it becomes a little safer then it becomes 4000
We will separate our unbroken that this is our
The hard work is done and you get Rs. 10 on the next trade
Risk. Earlier I took a risk of 7 and now it is 14.
meet. Now taking a risk of 10. Target
It will be 30. But whatever I got, 20-25, it was good.
Is. Now I got 20-25 again. Now the next stop
The loss is 20-25. So we will keep our target.
How much will you get straight? 50 will get 75
So what's going on? Stuck Stuck Stuck
Our stock is becoming a reverse pyramid.
And by doing this the country was destroyed.
He said this level more. $1 Billion in One
Day.
He made that time. $1 billion.
I think maybe I think George Soros was
Perhaps those who helped the Bank of England
Or maybe that's why let me see
V-Trader Broke Bank of England
George Soch
At that time, it was in $ million.
The stock market crash occurred in 1929. Today
At the time of that, the value was around 1.8 billion.
Does.
And he was a master of this pyramiding
Thing. To do it by the way, it's exactly like this
If someone says something straight, then be courageous.
You can do it only if you want to, you can't do it like this.
Now we attach even to what was created earlier.
With him I made money first
Take full risk and then make it
Making full risk only then that compound okay it
Will Create Magic
Can We Use Bitcoin Index Charts for
Analysis yes no intraday abe i same
I am saying why repeat the same thing
You are not able to do intraday with me.
Scalping has to be done on the broker's charts.
Because we have to face things at the moment
Make an immediate plan based on that.
It happens.
Ok? Because intraday scalping is more
Process Driven Rather Than Chart Driven. But
You Need More Data in Swing
Confirmation. You have to be praised. Ok?
So because the value of both is different
No. Look, the value of Bitcoin is changing here.
It is 682 and if you trade there then
584 is running there. The value of both
It is different. So how do you see him here?
Can you plan? It makes no sense
Used to be. This is what I told you now
Just
I have that required margin. Why I
need to
You need to take leverage. still because
Sometimes when the stop loss is set too small
So there you have to take a big position.
So then we need to use this thing.
Understood
The broker does not show charts, so who
There is no option. If I had to do it for 5 minutes
If it happens then I will plan after seeing this again.
I will do it. Or what you can do is that a
Keep this aside, keep this aside. And when both
Make a trade plan only when the situation seems similar. see
Let's watch this for five minutes and then this one
Let's watch five minutes of this. Let's See Let's
To the comparison.
I think we are pending liquidity here.
Slide.
There is a difference of kind of $f but not in this
Is. In fact the chart is changed.
Or
Bit different. So intraday planning has to be done.
We will plan after looking at this. Not It
Trading part.
Got it? Did you understand?
Pending above 144000 at 15 minutes
Liquidity is ₹14000
500 OK
Let's See
Joe Strong pending liquidities of BTC
Isn't that primary I will say ah look look
What a price movement it has been here
What's amazing in 15 minutes?
It's great to see something like this work.
If you see here, look up the value
It is absolutely precious. Pending liquidity was
One hour per this candle and absolutely just lag
I was thinking that this is how we study in class.
Pending liquidity has been filled there. Phil
Do look at the moves.
Now you know if
What is the POC of a candle usually? it
The POC of the candle will be here. Here
By entering at stop loss here what a
Beautiful Thing Pending Only Pending
liquidity
Short Here
POC will be this if using order flow
You can see the volume in it.
So it is better, otherwise it will be useless in the middle.
If it happens then it is planted in the middle
Wow
1:8 Amazing
And where did you tell me where it is pending?
How much liquidity is pending and where is it known?
No, where is the pending, there is no liquidity.
Okay, is it there on this candle?
Oh yes we have it all I think mitigate ho
It is not ready, it looks like that in it
Pending liquidity is not very
Precise
963 is on this, we are here. Idhar pe we have
It. So I Think This Is Going to Be the Very
Good entry if received then 144965
For short.
And since we have it up here, very close
If there is swing then the stop loss could have
Bean
Couldn't have been, it will be something like
This is in the future, not right now, but in the future.
If It Comes Back and Fills
And then the target will be
Yes, most likely
If a fair gap develops over time, then
His butt or this is a good
Place to Shot Where Else We Have Here Also
Let's See One Hour If Too Much in 15 Minutes
If it looks too much then the match will be postponed for 15 minutes.
Try it with one hour
Pay is very low
I Saw One at $17000
And I think he hasn't come there yet.
No no do we have it? No
we don't have
No, friend. Seen on Binance
But it is not showing in the index. It
Looks Kind of Pending Liquidity But It
There is actually no difference. Although very
There is no bar difference. There is a difference of $2 but
Technically it's not.
So fair value gap if not then this
Fair Value Gap But I Think Same Area Pay
Showing on Binance
Binance futures chart shows
Yep See
There is absolutely precious here
7978 The difference of 10 cents is negligible.
is in BTC
That's why I see more
got it
Yes, it works well in one hour and 5 minutes.
Is. Correct
Alright this was crypto now this was
The crypto trading part. Now we are a little
Come to investing and we will discuss it.
About which alt coins to buy next. Not
Exactly now we will discuss alt coins
Because I have to do it now
Research Perform Research Last Time We
Choose crypto then that was dot a then
Ethereum Classic and Then Back All Ethereum
Classic I think Went went up 20 25 30%
Tha Wo Then Beck Was 22%
Ah Dot Was Also Similar to Ethereum by 22%
Was More Than 100%
So this was a thing.
So I have to again perform a good research
Spend Time But How I See Crypto
Investing Edge
Coin
Market Cap Just For The Reference.
Now I Don't See Crypto S
Investments. Trade, make money,
Get out. That's it. This is what I
Believe. Balance
Now the Crypto Market That Was in 2016
When Crypto Market Used in 17
To be very innovative and very interesting
and very technology driven
Still sorry technology but this name
Look, this bull has completely gone bad.
The all a pump and dump because of tokens
So How I Chose Crypto For
Investments. And they work too.
Like Ethereum did. Why did you go? Ethereum Run
Because there was a fundamentals.
I'm Sure Ethereum's So Great
There is proof. Everyone has seen it. Correct?
What fundamentals were there? The biggest thing.
Let us look here and then leave. Ethereum is a
Blockchain.
There is a network. I don't know how many more
Cryptos and how many platforms have been created
Has happened.
So if anyone has a platform there
I want to make it, I want to do anything on it.
He has to work in the network and
Largest is the second largest network. So
Then he will be paid there.
Nor will it be through ETH token. Dollar and Rupee
I will not go there. So if you want to work
Here you will have to buy Ethereum. This
If you buy it, it will increase. So It Has Strong
Fundamentals. The Only Thing Which Was Worried
And I still worry, and I've been worried for a long time.
I have been saying that Max Supply is
It is infinity. If there is a dip tomorrow, then someone
I don't trust you. It may be like this. Happened
I'm not touchwood yet and because and this
There is no real Ethereum either. many people
Who doesn't know. But in 2006 I think I was 14-15.
May be there was one token that was Ethereum
It's classic. That Was Real Ethereum. it
He came after that. it is as a sub layer of
Ethereum where it is more flexible
Was. It has more options to work with. Correct
Is? So there was a logic behind this, a logic
basically
Its fundamentals were strong. In this
I am ready to invest. donation
Apart from that, we all know about Bitcoin.
Limited and not just from Bitcoin
What comes out is that whatever
Crypto market is driven by
It is driven by supply. Although today's
Time pe people kyunki pump and nums itna ho
And now in 2023 when I you know
When I Used to Teach People A2
I have 20,000 cryptocurrencies here.
If it were so, it would come on crypto currency.
There used to be 20,000 cryptocurrencies here
And I found that too much. And
Before that I think 200
Around 17, so 4,5000 cryptocurrencies
Used to be. And the cryptos that came after that
They also used to come in good numbers. Meaning
There were good names. technology would have
Was. We will do this, we will do that. this problem
Will solve it. Now what's in the air is all useless
Crypto is done.
Make anything a token. Moond dao baby.
DG sheenu anything happens it's nonsense
It's all gone. Ok? Anyways
So
Investing in any crypto
First you have to understand the core concept of BTC.
BTC is worth what it is today, not because
BTC is very bullish. payment from him
Can do. It is decentralized. this is
Obviously, it has its plus points.
The biggest thing to learn is this.
Supply is limited. If its supply
It is unlimited, I don't think anyone will
Will be interested. Now if they have another
To create BTC, which has also been created
So a separate blockchain will have to be created. On this
Nothing can happen and as it progresses
will BTC
And the years go by and less BTC
Will come out. His mining of BTC,
The way this blockchain was carved
It's been done, it's been coded, it's even more difficult
It keeps happening. And I am I don't know
Exactly but I am 99.9%
Sure personally that he is completely not Fibonacci
BTC is based on theory.
Because if you look at the Fibonacci numbers
Fibonacci's So It Let's Say 1 + 1 Is Two
2 + 1 is three. Three is bigger than two right now.
It became difficult
More numbers. Three after 3 + 2 is five
Difficult than that. Eight after five
Difficult. After eight, then 13 from that
Difficult. 21 Difficult than that. Now you two
If you multiply it by 21, what is the difference of 10 times?
Same technology is on BTC. Nobody has ever
Talked About This. no one talked
Sometimes.
There is no proof of this but whatever
The network is I believe it is like that. So if you
See there is a lot of technology and things
R involved. That's why people invest in it
We do. Now we will discuss more crypto currencies.
Let's come. By the way, if any crypto
Currency If You Want to Know or Not
Where can I say goodbye to him?
Am. It is listed on all these exchanges.
Is. Look, everything is written here. So
Now you can withdraw BTC in Binance.
You can buy it on Buybit. Coinb Now BT
ok k x bt bit get ye ye bl bl
All is not safe, never anything in it
Maybe always keep this in mind
You should keep only as much money as you lose.
Ready to do it, okay, Ethereum, I
I told you xRP
It is a complete payment game.
If you have to pay, it's it
Primarily in fact I have done very good
Transactions are done on XRP and fees are charged
has 0 points
25 XRP
0.25 XRP means if you calculate
Almost like a little over $1
It is less and you can send lakhs of rupees for that amount of money.
You can.
And the good thing is that it is also limited.
Although its circulating supply and max
There is a huge difference in supply. it
Why is there a difference?
Should not happen.
Just think what if supplies come here?
will be? The price will crash. But
This will continue to increase gradually. coming to a point
This is only 100 billion out of the entire 100 billion.
Will go. Ok? So 99.98 billion total
There is supply. This circulating means it is now
Meaning of Utne and Max in the market
This is the maximum that can be made. other than that
XRP will never be created.
So if we look at it now, there is 60% quantity here.
Pay. Ok? It's Good Token. a lot
Its valuation is also high. give these
So USDT represents the dollar.
The BNB is Binance's blockchain. Web 20
Max Supply has Dash. Meaning
The Best Approximation of the Maximum
Amount of coins that will exist in the
The Forth Coming Life Span of Crypto
Currency.
Minus Any Coins That Have Been Variably
Bernd. that is also known as theoretical
Maximum Number of Coins That Can Be Mentioned
Bernd.
If the Project Didn't
Submit this data and it was verified by
Coin Market Cap Max Supply Shows Dash
This means that it has not been verified that
How many maximum can be made, how many can be made
Now who is the owner of Binance?
Will tell who is the owner of Binance
Who is the owner of Binance, please tell me quickly.
Go to Chengping.
Don't know it is CG. Yes, go to Chengping.
CG
Don't know.
How late can you lie down? but if only if
He owns this, he has the ultimate money
There is a glitch.
Unlimited money is a glitch.
Can you understand? Some of Max Supply
Don't know. He has unlimited many
Glitch. He will print as much as he makes.
Supply has to be increased. It is obvious that V
heeheeheeheeheeheeheeheeheehee
He will do this in limited but he has
This option. Anyways.
Let's come to the soul.
Very good token.
Oh my goodness.
If I have old recordings,
I am sure it will be for the 2023 batch because 2023
I taught crypto at
Here the total supply of crypto
Its price was 2300
million
2300 million, today it has reached 6 lakh million
has happened and why is it reaching here where
tokens are coming from here
Because brother, Max Supply has infinity
Is. Any number of them can be made. whatever of
The developer is Unlimited Money Glitch
Near.
So now you can invest your life savings in it.
You will apply it. will you invest
In this token. when you know that its max
Limited. Why crypto is growing
What is its price? Why would people say bye? Simple
There is reason. I will say bye. Go ahead and this
Will increase. Meaning that someone else is more expensive than me.
Will be ready to buy. It would have been expected
Is.
And why would he say bye? when its value is
Limited will be
And if not limited
Trade is fine but it's any other way
It's risky.
so if you understand
I entered crypto in 2016.
When India's first exchange launched it
Was Jay Pay then, for the first time I invested Bitcoin
I said bye. I think bitcoin was worth $900
Was around. Surprisingly Ethereum at $25
Was of. $25 Can You Believe It? $25
And what the doctor told me
Take Ethereum. Take Ethereum.
Don't take too much
Take 500 rupees and put it in. Forget.
And I didn't take it. And now I don't talk
I can forget why I didn't take it.
Anyways
But I corrected that mistake. When did you correct the mistake?
When Matic was ₹1. It was ₹1. It was ₹2.18.
I bought Matic 18,800 at ₹2.18
Something was bought in some quantities. How many?
Please tell me how much it costs, 18,000 quantity
Was. Yes, it was something like that. ₹ was 60 paise, 18
There was money. I still have touch wood
The screenshot is lying on Z that
I had my transaction
₹50,000
And Matic has made a high of 300. I
Sold it for ₹165
Why? Ethereum's mistake was pointed out. and Matic
Why invest in it? Let's go to Matic
Are. Then Neil Realizes
Why I did this.
Matic Matic Matic, now the name has changed.
It became a polygon. By first making his
There used to be a logo.
Where did you go? Polygon Polygon Polygon Polygon
Polygon.
There have been other cryptos like this. just a few days
It was previously $99. I came 2 years ago
I used to tell people, "I don't think I'm boss."
This is actually the second bitcoin.
The first Bitcoin was created. One of the first
Look how much Ethereum Classic turned upside down
This is the story of its crypto, first it became this
The real Ethereum is
Then some changes will have to be made in it.
The value did not increase, a main Ethereum was created
after this its advance and that is this
Ethereum today is worth $3500 before
Bitcoin was created, its TPS was very low, meaning
Transactions per second was very low so this
Advance BTC was created but its
The poor girl's value did not increase
And while I know from last I think 2016
But as much as Bitcoin has been for about 2 years
10% of the value of Bitcoin has been his
If you look at it accordingly, its fair value becomes
From that perspective, it is worth $10 today.
There should be value, don't say bye after seeing this
You might as well take it, it's not a big deal
And who knows, it may not happen, don't
Anyway, now we come back to Matic.
Polygon Polygon West Polygon West Large
Crypto is also interesting. This is a $5
Crypto is $1000 was launched.000 or
Maybe $400 was lost. can you believe
It? 400
It was done for Rs 400,000. maybe take a look
I take it. If you have seen it then. just look once
Let's take it.
Look, it is not showing at all. All
Yes, it was $428.
Now what could go wrong with this?
It is infinity when it was launched at that time.
There was no 520 36 million here.
Quantity. Its quantity was equal to
Think 10 million like this, something was the quantity
Supply here and there should be 10 to 500 million
Went. Supply is coming, price is falling
Used tobe.
And you will sit in the hope that no, that's it
Keep buying, you will keep buying. as much as it falls
Buy buy. He was completely ruined.
All his money was wasted.
And there is no confusion in the polygon yet.
It was not there before. That's why I have
Invested in this. Now here's Max.
The supply is not coming. The dash has happened.
The developer I think is Indian. That
I saw the circulating supply on time.
Habitat around 10 billion. Its which both of these
It was beans. 10.4 10.4 billion. so to me
As expected, the market cap was very low. My
expected it to be worth $1 billion
If he comes, I will have a lot of fun.
And here in Max Supply, Na Max
There was also 10.4 billion in supply. These three
It was beans.
But now this change has happened.
And when did that change happen? When it comes to Matic
Look, it is written Previous Matic. Now the poll
It has been made. Previous was Matriculation. and this
When did the change happen? When it went from being a matic to a polygon
Has gone. Earlier all three were equal.
Is it difficult?
It sounds a bit technical.
But now if you want to work safely then learn
Will have to. You will have to work hard. any option
Not there.
So this was a thing. Now you will see it in this.
Now why did I invest in it?
Was? Because this I will explain to you. As
If I have Ethereum, I just need as much as I
I was able to read as much white paper after doing research
etc. If they have Ethereum then
It acts as a sublayer on top of Ethereum.
helps out anyone if
Do you want to make an application or any U know
Decentralize anything if not all of the Ethereum layer
If you want to do any work above then
Through this you can do that work more easily.
You could have done it at that time. This was the
was the ideology behind matic that as a
All layers will work on top of Ethereum. Correct
Is? Then these polygons do not have their blockchain.
Had happened. So I thought this was very interesting.
It is a concept. Well, if you want to work on it
You will have to take Matic token.
Like the scene of Ethereum, if you
If you want to work in Ethereum blockchain then you
You will have to take ether. Ether token is that your
Payment will be made in Ether. If you like Ethereum
Ethereum token if you want to work in blockchain
Not there. Ethereum is the blockchain. Ether token
Is. Well, if you look at the polygon which is one of these
Blockchain was Matic's if that work batting
Have to take it. I said this is the same network.
It is happening. Let's put it, I had 50600 on that one.
On time. 18 in 2000 18 I think 19
Baad something is something. You
ok Chirag Chirag you are a developer so you understand
You must be getting it. You understand everything
You must be coming well, what could be the problem?
Is? Where and how to mess up.
How did you find how I found Prasoon? I
How did you find the perfect one? you will see
You should understand from what I say that
I have done the research. If I in any
I have invested money so I understood him.
What are its fundamentals? They
How does it work and how does it work?
To understand that, there needs to be technology.
Advance for. You should know a little language
his. Where can you see the rest? Other
The first thing you need to do is go to the website
If you look at them a little, you will know.
What They Are All About. If you find the website
If you don't understand, read the white paper.
Go. Where did their white paper go?
It is not coming here.
Contracts Socials
I think it is probably on the website itself. will be. Now
So it is full flanged so that is why it does not come
Used to be. So it was basically written in the white paper
It happens that what will they do. Its
It doesn't mean they will do it. Their
Future plans are written. if you
Conviction is coming in future plans, see.
Ok? I thought it was promising
That's why I took it.
Ok? So this is a thing.
Now if you ask me
How do we get into the next 100X one?
Can you expect it?
100 Next as there were tokens at that time
When I took it for 181. Now at that time
How will you get the token? So he knows that
How will I meet? Now to get that type of token
It's very difficult because 19 million
It is crowded. Now
You understand 20,000 15,000
I used to tell you how I knew before
crypto
If you see this in a very old suit, then it will go
Will go. I used to say, look, 20,000
There are cryptocurrencies. Make a circle like this,
Make a mind mapping. Such lines from it
Pull one in the middle and write it here 50%
This is all a scam
This is how I used to teach, then after this here
Write 30% not 30 here BC left late here
Write this 30%
This is also a scam, they have no existence.
No, but it gives you one meaning twice.
You can make up to three times the money and give it back.
If you can give two or three times more, then it means you have given some
Seen crypto now you feel its
The supply chain is not in order, as
Max Supply of Soul Soul was always
Infinity
But the most important thing is the speed of the transaction.
The token that is soul is the highest
If there is a transaction, its TP is the highest.
The project is good but it is also like this
You can invest in tokens, okay, when will it happen tomorrow?
I don't know if he will go away, but you should believe this.
80% is done then write 20%
No sorry 10% not yet 10%
This is also a scam but they will give you 5 to 10
Can give a return of X. 5 to 10 times
You can make money and give it to me. And now 10% is left
That is, if there are 15,000 tokens. 15,000
Find you among 1500 tokens in tokens
Are. Some of them may be very zen.
Which will survive for long term.
Actually, I told less at that time.
Was. I am telling you there is only 5% token.
Just 5%
5% of tokens from 15000 tokens 5% of 15000
Meaning 750 tokens, these could be such that
Can perform in the long run but
The reality is revealed later when you
Because now I am 23 and since then
His reality turned out to be that it was not even 15 or 750.
There have been only 75 or barely 100 such tokens.
Those who have left and are still alive, otherwise everyone is dead.
It's over, everything has stopped completely.
If I apply this same math there now
So 5% out of 19 million makes no sense.
It doesn't work. As far as I believe this
19 million in crypto, probably from
There will probably be hardly 200-300 cryptos like this.
Which will further increase the returns and
Will survive too. Not that it was found out
Took crypto and just disappeared. Now we
Crypto is being shut down. this would happen
So it is a little tricky. So much quick money
Not there. I saw in Luna, in Luna
Make a good shot and short pe shot short pe shot
Luna had Infinity and I used Luna's
I saw the interview. There his
The interviewer said that the developer
That we have a panic button.
Ok? Now
Every crypto to invest in
If you think you are going then it is yours now.
Understand what the investment process should be
Needed? Firstly, you understood that crypto
How does the drive work? Along with this, their
Also check the socials, check the website. One
I had bought the token. like he still
Tok, that token is no longer so relevant.
Went. It was very interesting at that time. I
Let me tell you.
X Infinity
Now it's $2 left. Look how high it is
What has he made? $150
In 2021, it's now worth $2. And also in this
There is a huge discrepancy right now. Butt it big
Interesting token. I have come on this
think maybe
15 or $20 something buy somewhere here
I had done this. some what here this here
Pay around $20.
Why did you do it now? Meaning I traded at $3.
I did this mostly on Binance.
But after that when it reached 20, I said friend
This is continuously increasing. So I said
That means what basically happened? I had
Plan some trade in that. Then I did some
Took short. Big stop losses were hit on the short
My. I thought it was increasing. On this
Do research. Then do research and you will know
Fell. It was a very interesting concept.
This was the concept
That this is a game. Ok? play this game
If you defeat your opponent,
If yes, then the tokens you get in that game
Like rewards are received in game points
In the game, those people who
The rewards are those X tokens only.
There are.
Now if you get Axie tokens as rewards
If it is happening then it means in short you will get money.
Are getting. Because its own value is X
The token was worth more at that time, $20
There was something.
And if you want to play a game, play a game.
For example, in the coming time, in PUBG etc.
Those are skins for playing the game.
For this you will have to buy the character and
By character, you cannot do that
I paid the money and said goodbye. No money from Axi
Buy tokens and pay with Axie tokens
You will buy the character. So the first thing
Axie tokens are also available as rewards and
Axie Tokens are required to play the Axie Game.
You will have to buy the token. So at the token above
Will go. If the game is interesting then more
Why is it interesting? because in return
I am getting money. So that's why people will come
In greed that now let's play the game. money
You will also play games and get money.
To play.
Is the concept interesting or not?
Why?
I just said this is very interesting.
Let's say bye. I said bye. If you see
Fundamentals. I know what I'm doing.
What am I investing money in? What work
Does he do it? Why will it increase? So if you are
Buying any token I ask you someday
Or stand by yourself and ask anyone
Why will it increase
If you have a valid reason then invest
Do it, there is no problem in front of you now.
The entire list is available, I have checked it for you.
Points told market supply current
Supply Chain Basically in Short
You have to look at the supply chain, then after that
I want you to understand this
fundamentals of what he'll do
Then after that I have to check the socials.
There are three steps. Ok?
And then after you do all this
Do you take UC or not? Yes, it is promising.
Then come to technical analysis.
Look at where its price action is right now.
Is. Where is the strong support?
is about to enter. It may be that you
See, it is a very good token but that token is all
Time is high. So that means that he is very
Not a good place to enter.
Retracement should come. Something must come
Where I can enter. Oho
And what I am telling you so easily
I have brought this money by burning it.
I have made a lot of losses. I created a blockchain
I don't know, maybe that token is there now
Shown Shown in Relisted
will be.
So there was this in it, earlier there used to be pools. now then
I don't know, they have completely stopped. Now I don't
I also do all these things. What's in the pool
Did it happen? You buy crypto, stake it.
In return, you will get the same crypto as rewards
will get. So there used to be pools like this, so I axed
Chain pe na badi ax ye token hai. this is
Called Ax Alanch Blockchain Sorry Ax
There is a token. There is a blockchain of exchanges. In this
I bought a token called Buddy Finance.
Had done. It was very difficult to say goodbye to him
to get.
He has become a realist. Maybe some social
There should be existence. I have around Rs 4.5 lakh on this.
They went.
And then I understood that what I am telling you
I am getting it so easily, look at this Binance
Its profile is probably maintained in
Let us see, this is not the one, no
Yes, this was the token.
It's over. Ran away. The developer of this
He took all the tokens and ran away with everyone's money.
He was lying in it for some time and he felt a big
With great difficulty I lied to him and found out how
I also got it recovered by doing this. It was very difficult
They. But touch good that 5 lakh mein mann ke
Let us go. I think 50,000 something 50 or 70,000
Some money was recovered but the rest was lost.
Didn't know much. I have spent the money. from him
I learned it and am now explaining it to others.
You don't have to do this.
I have suffered huge losses in trading.
Let us understand it like this that it was said to be 25-30 lakhs and
After that the entire Rs 25 lakh was gone.
There have been times like this.
There Have Been Times. I remember we
Sell ​​the jewellery. By selling jewelry
Jewellery worth ₹7 lakh and ₹8 lakh was sold
From there we went to ₹1 lakh and then greed
I lost a full ₹1 lakh and we were very happy.
I thought, friend, we took the right decision of spending Rs 8 lakh.
I sold my jewellery, I had confidence.
Was ok we sell she was also
Like yes man this is great so let's make it
Did I sell any option after that?
Humein Para Lag Gaya She Was Also Happy I
Was also very happy theek hai made money
Lost all greed that's it.
Let's just say enough of my story. Now on the story
I never go. There are many such things.
You will cry, I will tell you everything. did not tell
That's why I did. I have that sympathy and
Don't want it. Everyone's life is difficult
People don't know that when I was in school
When I was pursuing my education, at that time
Pay My Father Was Admitted. and to do that work
Was not in any condition.
Hee wa mental asylum. People don't know this.
Nobody knows.
So now I have to do some work on that situation.
I have to look after it and then my mother has to manage the school as well.
I have to do it and I also have to look after myself. I
Was Va Young May Be Maybe Fifth Fourth Fifth
I will probably come to class. That was a thing.
So this was the thing. Now you know
How do you invest in crypto?
And what are the things. Any crypto
If you look at, if we assume, far back
Let's go.
from lats
we have
This token became quite famous. So pump and
It got dumped.
Where will you get it? Here you
Places will be visible. Then there is Binance
Vat Coin Base. What is my top priority now?
Does she live? First
Top three top top three top four
is better. Else Avoid
This was a thing.
Right now he is in loss, so now Matic has something to do with it.
No. Matic Pump and Dump Ho Ke Tamara Ho
Went. Suryajeet. Now we are dependent on God. Meaning
I told you that the entire story of Matik has changed.
It is done now, first the matik was late in that
There was no one like that either. Now in that he
That too has been dashed. Now God
If I trust you then you will reach the moon, otherwise you will be finished.
It won't end anyway. Chances are very low
Let's See Poll.
Back supply is zero
All-Time High Was $3
Price
$1.2
Market Cap
Now see how much
I have become confused
God is messed up
This is a huge mess, look, math is mathing
It is not happening right now
Comes at a price that has hit an all-time high
has made
How much does it take to get from 0.2 of $1.2 to 1.2
will it be times? Tell everyone brother. 0.2 to agar
he has to reach
It will have to be six times.
are you sure
Six times. Cool
If I reach all time high in market cap
But its market cap was 6 billion and now
It is already on 2.2. How many times is it happening?
How many times is it happening? two to six arrivals
How many times did it increase? It tripled.
So that means
If it has to be multiplied six times. If this is your
To reach the original price.
it has to
And 1.2 would have to be around $3. $5
Doesn't make sense around here.
Both things are not matching. Correct.
5 billion 5.8 billion
And then it was at 1.4
But I think Matic even went as high as $2.
It has been made, why is it not shown completely here?
Used to be? I don't know
Let's see on a monthly basis.
The complete chart is not available. Starting from 0.6
It has not happened. this attack
This is not the complete chart.
Om
The chart at the back disappeared.
went wrong. The chart at the back is missing.
Hum ok now listen quickly in the last if
You have less capital, say 20,000 or 15,000
How will you do it if you have 30000
₹0000
How Much Is Stop Loss Around 2%
₹1000
Correct if it is ₹00 then not ₹1000 sorry yes ₹1
Correct maximum stop loss around ₹900
You can take so that will be around 5 to
around $8
If you have Rs 20,000 then 2 to 3%. If you
If you go, it will be 600-700
And if you take a risk of Rs 6700 then your
What will be the expectations? From the late you
If you take a risk of Rs 700 then you will be
Expectation will be around 1500 to 2000
3000 that's 2100 at 1:3. Ok?
That's it. That's how, that's how you will
Trade. Never go aggressive, that's just me
I should put in Rs 20,000 and turn it into Rs 400 in one go.
Should I give it? No go slow. Try to Earn from ₹00
First try to make ₹1000 and then that
Take a big risk on ₹1000.
Allright
C'mon that was it. Bye everyone.
