One of the main reasons why 99% of
 
traders are not successful in the
markets is not because they don't know
how to have the right entry or because
they don't know how to have the right
supply and demand zone or support or
[music] resistance. The simple truth on
why 99% of traders fail. It's because
they don't know how to read the markets.
They simply fail on how to do a proper
topdown analysis. The top down analysis
will lead you to understand where the
direction of the market is. That's
exactly what I'm going to be teaching
[music] you in this video here today.
Now the importance of understanding top
down analysis is so you get these
precise sniper entries and stop losing
on these unnecessary trades trying to
pick tops or bottoms. Having proper top
down analysis will get you those sniper
entries and a profitable riskreward
strategy so you end up being a
profitable trader in the markets. With
that being said, let's begin. So before
we actually get into the charts, I need
you to understand why top down analysis
is a non-negotiable in trading. Doesn't
matter if you're a scalper, you're a
trader, if you're a swing trader,
institutional trader, investor, doesn't
matter. The most important thing is
understanding what direction the market
is headed. Is the market headed up or is
the market headed down? That way you can
make the decision if you want to buy
with the market or if you want to sell
with the market. People sometime they
just look at the market and want to
enter a shortterm buy or short-term sell
without understanding where the overall
movement of the market is going. And
that's a big mistake because you might
be right on the direction of the trade,
but it might be at the wrong area
because of top 10 analysis. Once you
understand where the majority of the
time [music] frames are headed, you can
then go back on your analysis and
determine if it makes sense to continue
to buy or to continue to sell depending
on what the time frames are telling you.
This has nothing to do with any
strategy. Once again, doesn't matter if
you're a scalper, if you're a day
trader, swing trader. [music]
Understanding top-down analysis applies
the same to everybody. [music] And the
best analogy that I can put to this is
almost as if you're driving on a
highway. Doesn't matter if you're on a
motorcycle. Doesn't matter if you're in
a car, in a truck. At the end of the
day, you have to follow the same rules.
You have to abide by the speed limits.
You have to stop at stop signs. You have
to use your turning signal to change
lanes. You're just using different
vehicles to get to your destination, but
you need to follow the rules on how to
get there. Same exact thing when it
comes to trading the markets. You need
to understand what the time frames are
telling you. And once you understand
what the time frames are telling you,
you can make your decision if you want
to enter that on a scalp, on a day
trade, or a swing trade. But the most
important thing is understanding those
rules and then you can do whatever you
want after that. Now, understanding that
top down analysis is a non-negotiable.
Let's break down the time frames that
are actually important and that we're
going to be using in this video so you
guys can understand where the direction
of the market is headed so you can make
your decision if you want to buy or sell
with the market. So coming here to our
trusty trading view. I'm going to break
this down in four very simple time
frames. The first one is going to be the
weekly time frame. Weekly time frame is
going to be think about it as the
foundation of a building. It's the base
of it. It's what holds the building up.
If you have a strong base, you can build
a higher building. The weaker the base,
not as tall of a building that you can
build. Next, when it comes to the daily
time frame, think about the daily time
frame, the actual structure of the
building. So you can have a strong
foundation, but the building could be
built out of concrete, could be built
out of wood, could be built out of
drywall if you would like, could be
built out of bamboo sticks, but the
daily time frame is the actual cement
block. So it's a strong building because
you want to make sure you have a strong
foundation and strong walls to hold then
the roof and so on and so forth. So next
we have the daily and then you have the
4 hour. So after the daily comes right
behind it, the 4 hour. And think about
the 4hour almost as the type of concrete
that you fill these cement blocks with.
You know that once you place a cement
block, you need to fill it with concrete
so it can stay firm. Well, this is the
best type of cement that you can fill it
with. You can put the cheaper one, but
it won't be as strong to hold these
cement blocks together on the strong
foundation. And then after that, you
pretty much have the lower time frames.
Now the lower time frames are considered
the two hour, the one hour, the 30
minute and the 15 minutes. Anything
below
is not a strong lower time frame. Now
think about the lower time frames almost
as the insides of the building. The
insides of the building, you can get as
creative as you want really. You can
make the insides bamboo sticks. You can
make them curtains. You can make them
nice wallings. You can make them
artificial rock, real rock, marble,
lights, doesn't matter. You can get as
creative as you want inside. As long as
you have a very strong base that holds
up the building, that the walls are
strong enough to do whatever you want
inside. So, as long as the weekly, the
daily, and the 4 hour are leading you to
understand where the markets are headed,
whether it's up or down, what the lower
time frames are doing [music] doesn't
really matter. The lower time frames
could be telling you one thing, but if
the higher time frames are telling you
another, you go based off of the higher
time frames. The higher time frames are
much stronger because they take a lot
more time to actually make the market
structure. It takes 7 days for one
weekly candlestick to form. That's going
to be a lot stronger than a candlestick
that takes 15 minutes to be created. If
it creates a total of two months on the
weekly time frame to create a bullish
market structure, I'm going to respect
that a lot more. if it takes one hour on
the 15 minute time frame for it to
create a bullish market structure. It's
just simple logic and it's simply how it
works. Now that you understand the
importance of the different time frames
when it comes to the weekly, the daily
and the 4hour and then the lower time
frames. What does top down analysis
actually mean? Because the analogy that
I just gave you was pretty much the
opposite. We started from the bottom up.
Build the foundation of a building and
then we worked our way up. Well, that
was just so you would understand the
importance of each time frame. But top
down analysis is exactly what it means
in the name topdown analysis. We will
start from the top all the way down. So
we will start we will start from the
weekly time frame. Then we will work our
way down to the daily. Then from the
daily we'll go to the 4 hour, 4 hour, 2
hour, 2 hour, 1 hour, 30 minute, 15
minute all the way down our lowest time
frame which will be the 15minut. Now
what top down analysis actually is and
how top down analytics actually works is
we will find if this market is bullish
or bearish on the weekly, find if it's
bullish or bearish on the daily, bullish
and bearish on the 4 hour all the way
down to the lowest time frame and then
we will have an overall score at the end
of our analysis to determine where the
majority of the time frames are going.
All we're doing when it comes to top
down analysis is literally just zooming
into price in different time frames. For
example, here this one single
candlestick that you are seeing right
here that I will box off. This one
single candlestick took a total of 7
days to be created on the weekly time
frame. When we go down to the daily time
frame, you're going to notice that that
same exact candlestick is built up of a
total of five candlesticks. 1 2 3 4 5.
Now, these five candlesticks, if we go
down to the 4 hour, will be broken down
in tens of these different candlesticks
that make up those five days. All of
these 4hour candlesticks when we go down
to the 2hour will be built up of these
2-hour candlesticks, the 1 hour, the 30
minute. We're looking at the exact same
market structure, the exact same price
from the highest time frame, just broken
down into details on every single time
frame. And there's unique and different
market structure in every single one of
these time frames. And that market
structure is what the top down analysis
is. We're going to read that market
structure, which is reading the
candlesticks and reading what the price
is telling us to determine where the
overall time frames are going. But we're
looking at the exact same market just
zoomed in a little bit more every single
time to determine where this market is
headed. Now, top down analysis is once
again just to determine if something is
up or down, bullish or bearish. And that
is done by this reading of the market
structure. What is market structure?
Well, this right here is literally
market structure. So, let me go ahead
and just show you this line chart. This
is market structure. Market structure is
what is right in front of you. It's
these highs and low points that almost
looks like a heartbeat but going up or
down, right? Heartbeats go sideways.
This market structure goes up or it can
go down. This is an bullish example.
This is obviously in a bearish example.
So this market structure is being
created by the actual market itself.
This is think about the best way that I
can think about this. It's almost like
the heartbeat of the market. Now the
market has a never-ending heartbeat and
[music] it could be very strong to one
side or very strong to the other side.
But this is the trail that it leaves. So
for example, when you go to the hospital
for them to read your heart rate to see
if you have a high blood pressure or low
blood pressure, they're going to see
your heart rate, see how fast or how
slow it's moving. That will be to
determine if you're about to have a
heart attack or not. This is for us to
determine if the market is going to be
going up or down. This is the heartbeat
of the market and this is how it
represents it. Now, there's many
different types of ways on how to read
this market structure and there's many
different [music] types of candlesticks,
but the ones that we use are the
Japanese candlesticks. Now, these
candlesticks leave [music] market
structure points behind. They leave
highs and low points. So once you have a
bullish market, a bullish market is
created of higher highs and higher lows.
So this is obviously short for higher
highs and then higher
lows. This is an abbreviation for a
bullish market. Now a bearish market is
basically the same just opposite. So a
bearish market is consisted of lower
high and lower low.
Right here we would have our lower high
and [music]
lower low. Now what is a lower high and
what is a lower low? Everything is
exactly what it is. Trading is pretty
self-explanatory. It what the word means
is exactly what it is. There's no secret
meaning [music] behind it. So a bullish
market. So in this market this would be
considered the higher high and then this
would be considered the higher low. Now
once again this is the most important
thing because this will lead us to
understand where this market is overall
headed. Is this market bullish or is
this market bearish? So this right here
is going to be the higher high and this
right here is going to be the higher
low. That's the highest high. That is
the highest low. Don't get them confused
in between higher low and lower high.
They're two completely [music] different
things. Higher highs and higher lows is
when the market is bullish. Lower highs
and lower lows is when the market is
bearish. [music] They both have very
very different meanings. They do not go
one in another. You can't have a higher
high and a lower high or vice versa. A
bullish market is only consisted of
these two. A bearish market is only
consisted of these two. Now, the moment
the market has some type of retracement
like this, this is simply just market
structure. It has not broken above the
previous high and it has not broken
below the higher low. So, if this breaks
above the previous high, well, if this
breaks above the high, guess what? we
have a new high. Think about it almost
as a heartbeat in the monitor. And if
your heartbeat in the monitor has been
created, let's say, I don't know, 80,
right? I'm not sure how blood pressure
works or something like that. I'm not
that educated in that, but let's say
your heartbeat is 80. The moment it goes
to 90, it will obviously have a bigger
spike and then your spikes will be
bigger. That means your blood pressure
has risen. That's exactly what this
market is doing, but in obviously the
market format. So, you can't say that
your blood pressure is now at 80. It's
now at 90 and that is going to be the
new base where they're going to be able
to determine if you're about to have a
heart attack or not. This is the exact
same thing. This market is now at this
new high point. This the new high point.
So once the market has broken that, you
need to make that the new higher high.
And if you have a new higher high, you
must have a new higher low. I'm saying a
bunch of different notes that you should
be writing down at this very moment. So
write these notes down. I just don't
want to fill up my chart with a bunch of
different [music] text, but this is very
important. Once you have a new higher
high, you must have a new higher low. So
the higher low simply follows the
previous structure point, you would just
move this up. That's the new higher low.
So go back going back to the heartbeat.
If you were at 80 and now it goes to 90,
your new base moves up to that 90,
wherever that 90 point is. So this is
the new higher high. This is the new
higher low. And once again, if market
has some type of retracement and it has
any type of movement in here, [music] it
doesn't matter. your heartbeat is
currently still 90 once the market for
whatever reason if it breaks above 90
once again now let's say it goes to 100
about to have a heart attack or maybe
not I don't even know if I'm saying the
proper numbers but should make sense
with this analogy now this once again
becomes the new base this is the new
high and then this will be the new
higher low so if as long as the market
stays in between your high and your low
you're within the safe spot or you're
still [music] within this bullish
market. The moment this market decides
to break below, now guess what? Now this
market shifts from bullish to bearish.
So if your heartbeat was at 100 and it
breaks back below 90, well that means
that now your blood pressure is coming
down. You're [music] safer. So this is
exactly what would change this market.
Now this market would go from being
bullish to being bearish. So once it
breaks above below the higher low, this
market becomes the new lower low. Now
once you have a new lower low, you must
have a new lower high. Your lower high
goes to literally the last lower high,
which would be following price to this
point. So you would follow your lower
high to this point right here. And now
that would become your lower high. Same
exact thing. Once again, as long as the
market is inside of the lower high and
lower low, you are safe. You have the
exact same blood pressure. You have the
exact same trend. The market right now
is just creating market structure within
the lower high and the lower low.
Nothing has [music] changed at all. Now,
if this market breaks below the lower
low, same exact thing. Now, you were at
90. Now, you broke below, you're at 80.
So, it means your blood pressure is
coming down. So now you have a new base.
So this becomes the new lower low. This
last low lower high point becomes the
new lower high. Every single time, write
this down. Every single time you break a
lower low, you get a new lower high.
Every single time you break a new higher
high, you must have a new higher low.
Whenever you have a new high point, you
have a new higher low point. It always
adjusts, right? So for example, here
this market is still continuously
bearish. That's the lower high. This is
the lower low. And as of right now, your
blood pressure is getting better.
[music] But now, for whatever reason,
you're stressed. And boom, guess what
happens here? You broke above your lower
high. Now, making this market back to
bullish once again. So now your blood
pressure is back at 90. So what you
would do here is you would identify this
new high point as the new higher high
point. So this right here is going to be
higher high. And based off of what I
just said, once you have a new higher
high point, you must have a new higher
low point. So your higher low is now
going to get adjusted to the next higher
low, which is the previous structure
point. That's right here. So this right
here is going to be your next higher
low. So now you understand how this
market, you can look at this market and
if I didn't have these highs and lows
pointed, maybe you would call this
market bearish or maybe you would call
it [music] consolidating or maybe you
would call it bullish. But you might not
have the full understanding of where
exactly it's bullish from. And that's a
big mistake a lot of traders make
because [music] yes, they could be wrong
or they could even be right about it
being bullish, but they're wrong about
where it's bullish from. And that
completely changes [music] their whole
entry point. Changes their whole
risk-to-reward point, their take-profit,
their stop-loss, their trade management.
All because they don't have the
foundation set correctly of where this
[music] market is bullish from. Now,
again, doesn't matter what type of
trader you are. Doesn't matter if you're
a scalper, a day trader, swing trader.
This is how you read market structure.
This is how you identify if something is
bullish or bearish. Notice how I'm not
talking about a strategy. I'm not
talking about a concept. I'm not talking
about an approach to the markets, a
plan, nothing. I'm talking about how to
read market structure. Best analogy that
I can explain is this is the ABCs to the
English language. I'm literally
explaining to you the ABCs. Some people
don't even know the basic ABCs. Now,
what type of accent you want to speak
the ABCs as with whatever accent you
want, that's entirely up to you. But
doesn't matter if you have a British
accent. Doesn't matter if you have an
American accent. Doesn't matter if you
have a Canadian accent. You're using the
same letters to speak the same words.
Doesn't matter what type of strategy you
use. You use the same exact market
structure to determine whether you want
to buy or sell a market. Some people
just have this concept entirely wrong.
Think about it almost as if they're
putting their own letters in the ABCs.
Doesn't make any sense. Now,
understanding how highs and lows works
on the line chart, it's no different on
the actual candlestick chart. Just it's
not going to be as clear as the line
chart. Well, because we're going to be
trading candlesticks. Candlesticks
create wicks. They create big
candlesticks, small candlesticks, a
bunch of different variations. All a
line chart creates is a line chart. Now,
if it was really that easy, everybody
would trade the line chart. But the line
chart doesn't give you entry signals. It
doesn't give you rejections. doesn't
give you anything other than the overall
movement. So, we use the line chart to
learn how to read market structure, but
we identify the highs and lows based off
of the candlesticks. So, we actually can
do it based off of what the candlesticks
are representing us. Now, a lot of
people make a common mistake, for
example, and they can put the highs and
lows to the wicks. [music]
Now, this is where things start getting
a little bit more detailed to the type
of strategy that someone uses. Think
about it as a type of accent that
someone speaks with. I have a very
interesting American, Latin, Spanish,
Cuban, Miami accents. Very different
from the rest of America and the rest of
the English speakaking native language.
So think about that almost as how you
place these [music] highs and lows.
There's no difference, right? So for
example, if I were just to take this
market really fast back to the line
chart, as you can tell here on the line
chart, technically the high and the low
points would be right here. That would
be the higher high point. And then the
higher low point would be this point
right here. Right? Just for argument
sake to keep things simple. [music] That
would be the higher high and the and the
higher low point based off of what I
educated you. This right here is the
ABCs [music] in the market. Now, this is
where things start going into the accent
that one can speak. Do you put it at the
bodies or do you put it at the wicks?
Now, many people like to put it at the
wicks. Other people like to put it at
the bodies. I like to keep my market
structure approach to the market as
close as I can to how it is on the line
chart. If the [music] ABCs mean one
thing, I'm going to be as close as I can
to that. I don't want to get creative. I
don't want to create my own slang at
all. Not with trading because I'm
surrounding my decisions around money
and I want to make sure that it's as
safe as possible. I don't want to get
custom [music] with my decisions around
money. I want to have high probability
of making money, not losing money. So, I
base my highs and lows to the bodies of
the candlesticks. If you notice [music]
here, to the bodies of the candlesticks.
A little hack that people do at all
times is they always go to the line
chart. They go here and they just place
the lines on the structure points that
the line chart represents to them. And
then what they do is they just go back
to the candlestick charts how I'm doing
right here. And then at that point, they
are able to have it straight at the
candlestick closure, which is the market
structure. So, that's a little hack that
you can do or you can just directly do
what I do and just place it at the
bodies of the candle. So, for this
example, on the daily time frame,
technically we're bullish. This is the
high, this is the higher low. This is
the higher high. On the weekly time
frame, if you were [music] to just take
a quick pause, pause this video and I
want you to tell me, is this market
structure bullish or bearish? I want you
to tell me if this market is bullish or
if this market is bearish. Take your
time. Go ahead. Now, if you said that
this market was bullish, you're right.
If you said that this market was
bearish, you're wrong. Now, I want to
make sure that you know exactly why you
said that this market is bullish. This
market is bullish because of this higher
low here and this higher high right
here. As you can tell, this market once
upon a time was creating lows and highs.
This market was creating lower low,
lower high, lower low. And then this
market has now shifted and has created a
higher high and a higher low. And as you
can tell, I'm placing it at the body of
that candlestick, not at the wick. Once
again, if we go to the line chart, once
we're at the line chart, you can tell
how it would place it at that high. This
is the higher low. That is the current
higher high. See how this market went
from bearish lower highs and lower lows
to then shifting and now creating highs.
Now this market we understand that based
off of the weekly time frame. So we have
weekly is bullish and then the daily is
also bullish. Now this is great. This is
giving us a strong base and a strong
foundation to understand where the
majority of the time frames are headed.
Now what's the 4hour doing? Well, let's
go and find out now the 4 hour at this
given point. Once again, let's run the
same exercise. I want you to tell me if
this market is bullish or if this market
is bearish. Pause the video and go ahead
and tell me. Now, coming back to it, is
this market bullish or bearish. Well, if
you said that this market was bullish,
you are correct. If you said that this
market was bearish, you are incorrect.
Now, once again, we could do a very
quick little hack. Go to the line chart.
And on the line chart, you can tell that
this was creating highs and lows all
throughout here. Higher, high, higher
low. This ended up becoming the market
the market's highest point to this point
right there. And then this ended up
becoming the market higher low. If that
is the higher high, we have to work our
way backwards to find the higher low.
This is another side note. Is impossible
to have the higher low in front of the
higher high. It is impossible to have
the lower high in front of the lower
low. Now what do I mean by in front? The
higher high is always in front. Also
write that down. The lower low is always
in front because that is what's leading
the market. What's leading the market is
what's in front. This is clearly the
front of the market. The higher high is
always in front. Some people I don't
know how they put the higher low in the
future. So they they would they will
determine this as the higher high, but
they'll put a higher low on some random
price that they see here because they
don't know how to identify it. So some
people could identify this as the higher
high, but they'll place the higher low
as this structure point right here, for
example. They'll place it to this
current price. Now, they're wrong. The
higher low could never be in the future.
Could never be in front of the higher
high. The higher low is something that
the market left as a trail, and we're
identifying it as the last higher low.
So this is very important and very key
because some people get confused when
they identify the higher high here. They
look for the higher low in front. The
higher low is never in front. It's
always behind it. So this would be the
higher low. Now this market is still
bullish as you can tell. We have not
body candlestick closed below the higher
low. Now if we go back out to the
candlestick chart, we can very clearly
see that as well. That is the higher low
and that is the higher high. This market
is still very much bullish. So now we
have the 4our bullish. So now based off
of our top down analysis, we [music]
have three of the highest time frames
going to the upside. Now some people
somehow have a strategy or the audacity
to say, "Okay, you know what? It's a
good time to predict the top. We're
going to sell." Now they might get lucky
once, twice, maybe three times, but
there's no longevity in that. What makes
the most sense now is to find the right
area on where to buy. And I have more of
these videos on my channel on how to
find these areas and how to actually
enter. You want to know more about that?
First of all, hit that subscribe button
at this point because I'm sure you've
learned a lot. And this is only our
first video, our first tutorial of 2026.
If you're seeing this in 2026 or 2027,
I'm sure we have many other videos to
educate you on how to properly find
these market structure points and much
more. So, hit that subscribe button,
check out our other videos. But with
that being said, this is currently
identifying a bullish market with a
basic top-down analysis going from the
weekly, daily to then the 4 hour. Now,
technically the next step would be to go
to the 2h hour, 1 hour, 30 minute, and
15-inut and replicate the exact same
thing that we've done, but I actually
pause right here. Now, the reason why I
pause right here after the 4 hour is
because I use the lower time frames more
for the entry point. And you know what?
I'm going to actually teach you in this
video how to actually enter with the
right top down analysis as well. I'm
going to make sure you have the full
understanding how to properly do a top
down analysis. So to do a proper top
down analysis and find the entry point.
The correct thing to do now is find an
area on where you want to enter. [music]
You can't just enter based off of the
overall trend. If everything's going up
doesn't mean that you [music] could just
buy. So right now, yes, we have the
weekly bullish, daily bullish, and the
4hour bullish. That doesn't mean that we
could just go ahead and buy. we need to
find the right area on where we should
buy. So this is where we would go back
up to the weekly time frame. We hit a
big reset. So our big reset moment
[music] is to identify where is our
entry point in this market. Now this is
once again a very big mistake [music]
that 99% of traders make in the market.
Again, as of right now, I'm not even
talking about strategy. I'm not even
talking about concepts, scalping, day
trading. To me, that is completely
irrelevant right now. I'm teaching you
how to word these letters that you have
just learned because these are these
might be brand new letters to you or you
might be a little bit experienced
[music]
and learning the English language in
this case the trading language. And I'm
just piecing everything together for
you. So now we need to find an area on
where we should enter this trade. And it
doesn't matter what type of strategy you
take or what type of strategy you use.
This is how it should be done. So the
area of interest should only be found
inside of the high and the low. Inside
of the higher high, inside of the higher
low. You find the area of interest
within this structure point. Because if
you have an area of interest below the
higher low, once price gets to this
area, guess what? Now we're bearish.
This market goes from higher low to now
lower low. This will become bearish. So
you can't buy a market that is going
down. That is what [music] the mistake
that 99% of traders make. They simply
say, "Yeah, you know what? This is a
great support. We'll buy here." Now,
yes, you might be right. That is a great
support level, but you're actually
buying when the market gets bearish to
that point, which simply makes no sense.
So, no, you cannot place an area of
interest wherever you'd like. I mean,
you could, but you're just setting
yourself up for failure. So, this is
where you would find your area of
interest within the high and the low. So
you would find an area that has a decent
amount of rejections. For example, like
this point right here. This has
rejection, rejection, rejection,
rejection. We can expect for price to
have a retracement into this area to
then head to the upside. So we find an
area of interest on the weekly time
frame. There's only two time frames
where you can find an area of interest
on the weekly and the daily. Now on the
daily time frame, we would do the exact
same thing. We [music] would go based
off of our higher low and then we would
go based off of our higher high. I think
we called this our higher low. So once
again, we would go here, go to our high
point, go to our higher low point, and
then we would go and work our way down
and find an area that has many touches.
For the most part, sometimes they
overlap, sometimes they don't. And then,
excuse me, we're left with a very big
zone. I'll just do it over again.
Sometimes they overlap, sometimes they
don't. And for the most part, they do.
When they do, you just have one big
solid zone. For example, here the weekly
and the daily have a very clean zone in
here. So, what I like to do is mark this
area off as a weekly and a daily area of
interest. So, now I know that this is
two areas of interest strong. As you can
tell, I have it over here to the left
hand side. Let's actually bring it to
the top hand side. Let's make [music] it
a little bit bigger.
There you go. So, it's very easy to
identify. So, let's put that at 14. So,
we know that this is a weekly and daily
area [music] of interest. So what we're
waiting for is for price to have a
retracement into this area to then buy.
Now we have to wait and play the waiting
game. Patience. Now we might also
understand that for the market to have
the retracement into this area of
interest. Guess what's going to happen
to the 4 hour. The 4 hour right now this
is the higher low. This is the higher
high for the 4 hour. Once the 4 hour
makes it into this area it's going to
most likely be bearish to make it into
here. Now our job is to make a decision
either one wait for this market to shift
bullish so we can trade with the trend
or do we take the risk when the market
is bearish. Now at that point that's
where strategy starts to come in [music]
and where honestly trader preference.
Are you more of a trader with a high
risk appetite or are you not? And this
is where once price is at this area of
interest is when you would enter the
trade whether you want to wait for the 4
hour to be in your favor or not. But
this is where I would then wait for my
rejection candlesticks which can consist
of multiple dogees or an engulfing
candlestick which will be my entry
signal. This entry signal can happen on
the lower time frame, higher time
frames. Obviously the higher the
stronger. But the most [music] important
thing of top down analysis is
understanding where the market is, where
the market is headed and why. Because
some people might see that the market on
the 4hour is bearish and they won't
understand why. Well, the market went
bearish because it's creating that
retracement to this daily area of
interest and to [music] that weekly area
of interest. Somebody has to go bearish
for that to have that type of
retracement. The simplest analogy is if
it's raining outside and somebody needs
to go out to the car to get the food so
we can cook the food is somebody's going
to have to go get wet to bring the food
in so we can eat. The market is going to
have to go bearish so it can have the
retracement to then continue going to
the upside. It's part of the game. You
just need to understand that it's okay
for it to be bearish and not to think
that the market is good to sell at that
point because you're going to be
basically jumping into a two-ft pool.
You're basically running right into
support. And when you're above support,
you buy. When you're below resistance,
you sell. So in this point, once price
comes here, you would wait for your
entry signal to then buy. So to sum
everything up, top down analysis is a
non-negotiable. Doesn't matter what type
of trader you are, you need top down
analysis. And it's in this video you're
able to understand the highs and lows of
the market which will lead you to
determine if the market is going up or
down. That's what top down analysis is
meant to do to understand where the
market is headed and why and where most
importantly. Now after you identify
these highs and lows, you need that area
to actually enter the trade with your
entry signal. And this is what I do
every single Sunday with my students. I
share with them the top markets that
have the highest probability of going in
one direction versus the other. What's
the exact area that the trade should
have the reaction from? and where they
should enter from. And then I review
their trades when they take these
trades. I personally get on a call with
my students and I tell them, "Hey, you
did this wrong. You should do this this
next time or you did this right. Double
down on this." Now, this is a private
community that I have where I break down
my top trades every single week. You're
part of a private winning community and
you get to get on a call with me and ask
me any questions that you would like.
You want to know more about this, hit
the link in description down below
because we're only accepting a couple of
students at a week at a time because I
want to make sure that I'm reviewing
every single trader trades accurately to
make sure that your top analysis, your
areas of interest, and your entries are
done accurately. Hope you guys enjoyed
this video. Make sure to hit that like
and subscribe button, and I'll see you
guys in the next video.
