After watching this entire video, your over
 
trading will stop forever.
And you will actually understand
how I can stop the overtrading that I do forever.
How does that thing get triggered?  And Everything About
Over Trading.  And all those who are
already trading will know very well
that over trading is something
which ultimately destroys you.
Now by over trading I do
not mean at all that it is right to do 10 trades
or it is right to do 20 trades or it is right to do 30 trades.  It
is okay to trade 40.
Sometimes in some people's setup even 50
trades or even 100 trades is fine.  You might also be
feeling strange after hearing this.  But this is
the fact.  But sometimes even 1520 trades are
too much.  In fact,
forget about 15-20, even 10 trades are sometimes too many.
So,
what is that light difference between them?  And over trading, if
you've actually fixed it, then this is
going to be the next step that will
take you much closer to becoming profitable.
Because the biggest thing that stands in the way of your dream of becoming more profitable or
becoming a profitable trader is
overtrading.  Because
over trading itself takes you to revenge at the end
and through revenge you know
what happens at the end, you cannot win the markets, the
market will always win, you will always lose, the
odds will always be against you and
you will always lose, so what are all these things,
we will discuss all of them in this video
and will finish them completely
and this is my promise, if you
follow all the things properly, this
is going to be the last video that you
will watch on over trading, after this
you will never have to join any class on over trading or
psychology
or you will need any other video
and trust me, apart from this I don't
think that there is any such proper video.
So watch it till the end.  Let's
start.  I have divided over reading
into three parts.
In the first part we will understand how it starts.
Then we will understand how we go into the loop.
And then at the end
we'll figure out how to finish it.  Now you might be
feeling like
jumping to the video and watching the last part directly.
You can see it if you want.  You have the control in your hands.
I'll also put a time stamp below.
But you will have to understand the process from the beginning.  Because actually
everything is
interlinked with each other.  So first of all you should
understand how over trading actually
starts.
Now imagine that today you
plan to do intraday trading.  Please
open your system.  Setup Doda Trade Plan
and you take the first trade.  Your
stop loss is placed in it.  Now after placing the stop loss, the
first thought that comes to your mind is that
I should
cover this loss somehow.  My day hasn't started very well.  I will
try to
finish this thing of mine by the end of the day.
As soon as you plan the second trade, if
you make profit in the second trade then you should also
calm down for some time.  Say
no, it's okay, I have made a profit.
Now I do
n't need to be too aggressive.  If I get a good trade,
I will take it.  If I don't get it, I won't take it.
Then you keep sitting
and watching the screen and while watching it, when you are sitting in front
of the screen, you may or may not believe it,
agree with this or not agree with that thing.
If you are sitting and looking at the chart, then
this thing remains in your mind that even though your
setup is not visible, sometimes you
take assumptions that this setup is being formed right now.
This trend line is forming.   Will the
market move up from here or is this
becoming a support?  From here the market will reverse.
And as soon as the market reverses.
Now understand this point carefully.  As soon as the
market reverses,
extreme regret comes to your mind that why didn't
I just take the trade.
And as soon as regret comes,
when the price starts going up with regret, a
big move comes, then
a thing gets triggered in your mind which we call
FOMO i.e. fear of missing out.
It comes to your mind that I
thought of a trade there.  Look, the market
went in my favor.  Now it has gone up quite high and it is
increasing that I should jump soon.  Let me
jump in and take the trade.
Because if I don't take it, I will
miss out on a huge momentum.  It is possible that you may
convince yourself the first time but
in the second or third time, chances are high that you will
jump into FOMO in that particular trade
and the market will reverse from the same trade where you enter
and will give you a huge
loss.
I don't know how many people will watch this video.
But if you have been in the market for two or three years.
I am pretty pretty
sure that this must have happened to you.
So now if we come back to the story,
this will be your second or third trade and here
you have incurred a huge loss and now
what comes to your mind that now I have to
cover this loss somehow, either I will
close the day at break even or
I will take a little profit and
what do you do to cover that loss?   It is
visible in your mind that if I take
trades with the same
quantity as I take trades with normal quantity, then this
loss will not be covered for me.  What do you do?   You
immediately double
or increase your quantity just for the reason
that whatever loss I have incurred should be
recovered somehow.  And guess what, if you are
lucky, you will
make profit once or twice and cover all your losses
and at the end close the day in green.
But guess what trading is
not something that you will finish today and then
stop it completely from today onwards.  You have to
come to the market again tomorrow.  Tomorrow and the day after tomorrow you will keep coming
continuously.  And in
your continuous cycle of
entering the market, one day or the other such a thing will
definitely come when you will get trapped in the market
and in the double trade that you took on the fourth rum,
you will incur a bigger loss and to
cover that, you take bigger positions
and in this way, this entire
cycle gets converted into
overtrading and at the end,
when the entire market is closed and
losses have been incurred, then it comes to your mind that
[ __ ], what a big mistake I have made.
Actually, when you go and look at your history,
you see that you have
punched 50, 60, 70, 80, 90 orders today
and the only thought that comes to your mind is
that I wish I had not overtraded.
And guess what?  Now we go to
our part two called The
[Music]
Loop.  Now if we talk about the loop, you would have suffered a
big loss the previous day.  Now as a
trader, there is
only one thing in your mind which is
human nature.  You are
made to defend.  You are made to take revenge.
This is how the human mind is.  If
someone abuses you on the road and goes away,
you feel like following his car till his
home and slapping him after reaching home.
This is human nature.
You will have to understand this point.  So next day when
you have suffered a big loss in the market.
Guess what you will do?  Next day, the
only thing that comes to your mind is that my
profit is gone to hell.
My first job is to cover the huge loss I have suffered.
And guess what?  If you are also
scared, then start with small quantity.
You will get small profit in small quantity
but because you have
already incurred a huge loss, then that small
profit will not satisfy you.
Despite the fact that that
profit may have been very high
in comparison to your capital but
because you have incurred a huge loss
from your capital and now you are comparing that loss
with that profit, then guess what, the
profit seems very small to you, then
what comes to your mind that friend, this profit is
very small.  Well, at least we made a small profit.  I will do
one thing and take the trade
and make profit and slowly
cover it.  Now I'm not saying that
covers in one go.  Profit is
covered only after making such small deductions.
But taking a systematic planned approach is a
different thing.  But
taking a revenge trade keeping that loss in mind is a
different thing.  Guess what?  You take second day
trade, you take third trade.  It is
possible that you may get continuous profit in two-three trades.
But at the end,
because you have that big loss in your mind,
you suddenly take a big position and
whatever profit you have made in two-three trips is lost
and on the contrary,
you incur loss on the second day also.  And
guess what?  Same things happen on the third day also.
And in this way this entire loop is
created.  If I give the biggest example of this,
I myself have made many mistakes in the past.
And recently one
of my students is there.  He
made money one day ₹33 lakh.  Earned
₹14 lakh on the second day.  On the third day he made money of ₹1 lakh,
if you look at it roughly then it was only ₹6 lakh
plus after that actually he has made
huge losses in the past before meeting me.
Was in a loss of around ₹
23 crore.  So the thought of covering that loss remains in the mind
that at least 50 lakhs have been made.  Now ₹5
crore is left, which has to be covered quickly.  And
guess what?  In the fourth trade, he placed a stop
loss of ₹40 lakh.  And then the
good thing after that is that he was in my connection.   I keep getting
updates on everything told to me.
So I guided him saying that it has to be done like this
, it has to be done like this, it has to be done like this.
I may not be able to do this to you on WhatsApp
but this video is enough.  Actually
you don't even need to understand.
I am telling you this by giving live examples
so that you can relate to the things.  If
possible, I would ask the reader to post
screenshots of the chat here so that you can
understand immediately that yes boss, this is
not a story.  This is a real thing.
Now, I hope you can connect very well with
how things start
and how things go back into a loop.  Let me
also tell you another loop of this.  The other
side of this is that you sit down to trade.  You make a
profit.  You are very happy.
You then make a profit.  You are very happy.
You then make a profit.  That means
in short you get a hat-trick of your winning streak
and you feel super happy at
that time.  And guess what?  You keep
sitting continuously with the screen open.  This
happens specifically with beginners
because most beginners have
one thing set in their mind.  And again, it's
no one's fault.  I say again
and again I am saying this is a human
nature.  We have been taught this in our human nature.
The way we have been brought up since childhood, it has been
told
that the more you work hard, the
more money you will get or the more
hard work you do, the more
success you will achieve.  And guess what, this is how a beginner
approaches trading because I have
approached it myself.  I used to sit for 2020 hours just
looking at charts and trying to place trades.
It is fine to look at the charts if you are
planning.  Trying to understand the chart.
You are devoting 20 hours to your education.
But sitting continuously for 20-20 hours for trading
and taking trades continuously
is a totally different thing.  Coming back
to the topic, in the beginning,
I made profit in the first, second and third trades and got a
hat-trick, so a beginner
feels that if I sit in the market for a longer
time, I will get the fourth, fifth and
sixth trades also.  This means that I will
take more trades, work harder
and in the process, I will make more
profits.  And guess what?
In the beginning,
he might have made money in just two-three trades in the morning.
after making two-three trades,
as soon as she goes for the fourth trade, a stop loss is placed on the fourth trade.
Again, for beginners, understand carefully how the loop starts from here.
As soon as his stop loss is placed in the fourth trade.
Now the
profit numbers that he had seen earlier are going around in his mind.
He feels that no,
I at least need that much profit.  He
also takes the fifth trade and whatever
profit he has made, maybe
half of it is lost or sometimes it is
completely lost and if it is completely lost then
now the thought in his mind is that friend, what
mistake did I make, first I had profit but
now I am in loss, now I have to
take at least some profit by any means and in the
process of taking some profit,
he again takes the trade and incurs a big loss.
Now understand that big loss and big profit,
relate this thing with your mind and see
that first you made profit and
after that you suffered a big loss.  You
cannot digest it as a human and it
is very difficult for me too.  It
is very difficult for everyone.  Someone might have said, yes it is
very easy.  But it is difficult for
everyone because we are human.  Now guess
what?  What are we meant to do?
Made to defend.  Now
a thought comes to my mind that
I have to reach break even somehow.  It's okay if I do
n't make a profit, but at least I do
n't have to go home with this loss.  And because of his
insistence on not taking the loss home,
he also takes the seventh trade and because of that
he suffers an even bigger loss.  And while doing this the
market ends.
After the market ends, you understand by
looking at yourself.  We sit like this and think, man,
what a big mistake I have made.
What a huge loss I have unnecessarily caused.  There is actually no
need for this,
I unnecessarily overtraded.
Now this was a second loop.  Apart from both the loops, there is no
third option of over
trading.  You always get
stuck in the loop of over trading like this.  I don't know whether you can
see it or not.  I have
these papers and phone and everything.  But
I am telling you everything eye to eye.
Because all this is not in the script.
All this is in my mind.
In my experience, the thousands of trades I have done have
come on the basis of everyone's experience.  Because what I am telling you today
, I myself was in the same cycle.  And don't get it wrong.
If I change my setup
or experiment with something,
I go back into the cycle.
And it happens with everyone.  It just happens
that we have a little more control.
If you go and watch some of my past videos,
you will see that this has happened many times.
I am doing some tests.   There are
30-40 trades done there in a day.
But when a big loss occurs, there is
no big loss the next day.  Because
again I don't have that mindset that no
brother, I have to buy ribbon from the market.  Because what
I am telling you about loop has happened
to me and I have learned from my mistakes.
Now it's time for you to learn
and understand this thing.  Now we come to
our third and most important point that
how to fix it?  How to fix
it.  Now look, if you are at a complete beginner stage, then to
fix over trading,
you have to keep one thing in mind that this is
not an easy thing.  You will have to shift your entire
mindset.  Only then will you be
able to actually fix it.  Now
understand how the shift will have to be done.  There are loss parts in the market.
It's a cost of running
a business.  Why do you go into over trading
?  We understood that in the beginning.  The
biggest reason behind this is when you are
not expecting loss from the market and
you incur loss.  To cover that then you take a
second trade in order to say no
yes I will probably make a profit.  There is a huge
loss to cover that.  And This Is How
the Loop Continued.  And if you
accept this in the first trade, then
losses are part of the journey.  If I am ever incurring
losses on any particular day or
in any particular trade, then it is absolutely a part
of trading.  The moment you accept this thing.
This acceptance itself will solve 50% of your
psychological problems.
Because when you know that boss losses are a
part.  If today I have made a loss for the whole day
or for the whole month or
in a particular trade.  It is
very normal, very natural.  It is a part.   There has been a
loss today.  It is not necessary that it will happen tomorrow also.  There may be
profit tomorrow also.  So I do
n't need to unnecessarily overtrade
or look for overtrades.
I'll trade back when something looks really good.
Otherwise this is the end of my day or the end
of my month or the end of my
trade.  When this mental acceptance
comes to your mind as a beginner.  I am
telling you that you will see drastic changes in your trading.
Meaning, you will reach here from here
if you just keep this thing in your mind.
And those who have actually been trading for two, three or
four years and are
still in the same zone, they actually have
two options.  The first option is
that you should keep this in your mind
that systematic trading
is actually the only option for you as a retailer to
make money and what I told you for the first time
that it has been three-four years since acceptance of loss,
so you must be knowing this much
but you should keep this in mind that you will have to
follow a systematic approach.
What a systematic approach is, if
I have to take three trades a day, it
means I have to take only these three.  Don't take the fourth.
If I have to take 40 trades a day then
I will take 40 trades.  I will not take even 30, I will
take even 20.  I will take 40 trades of Rs 40.  This is
my plan of system.  This is called
systematic approach.  If I have to
take a risk of 1% in a trade then I will take only 1%.
I will not do one and a half or two at any cost.
When you proceed in this systematic way, only then will
you actually be
able to come out of that over trading look.
Because as you are about to enter into an over trading loop,
you may end up making
continuous losses in three trades.  Now
this thing is coming in your mind that no, I have to
cover my loss somehow.  It would be
fun if I could find a trend that would
cover my entire day's loss and I would
at least make breakeven.  I do
n't suffer any loss and many times I even get it.  But
systematic trading will actually
not allow you because your system itself has to
take these three trades.  If you feel like this, friend,
I make all the plans.
I know that systematic trading is
actually good and should be followed.
But still, as soon as I complete three
trades, I cannot control
my urge to take the fourth trade.
So this means
you only need one thing and you are
lagging behind in that and that is discipline.  When you do
not have your own discipline, if you are
not listening to yourself, then how
can you expect that you will move ahead in life or
in the market.  Because now if you do
not listen to your conscience then
how can you expect that you will
actually be able to survive
in the market.  Because you might have made some plan after
thinking and calculating something and yet it is
not being followed.  It means there is
no point in doing the same thing again and
again.  The second big thing is that you should shift
to algo trading.  Look, if it has been
three-four years for you then now you know
that yes, it is necessary to do this.  But
despite that I am not able to do it
because I have some psychological problems.
I get stuck on things.
My emotions get the better of me.  So
its meaning is simple.  In algo trading,
you bring your plan, approach and
set your subsystem algorithm in it.
Continuous changes are also required in Now Algos.
But at least the algo is
beyond your emotions.  Because now you will
not even be watching.  You have set your plan
and do it.  Now don't ask me
exactly how to do this.  Because I am
not an algo trader but algo trading can be a
very good session of over trading in this way.
You will have to research about it.
I do
n't have anything to promote or
use this one or use that one.  Nothing like that.
I told you simply because it actually makes sense.
You know, if
I take 14 trades after three trades, then there may be a
problem.  It is not part of my system.
But when you are
sitting in front of the screen and after making three trades you will
see a big loss.  So it comes to my mind
that I should take the fourth trade and cover all the losses.
You
can initiate it as a human, but the algorithm
is not human.  He doesn't have the ability to think.
You have told him that he has to make three trades.
Three trades will continue.
If three stop losses are reached, then after that your
system will not stop trading.
This way you can fix it.  But
I will still tell you that if you want to
evolve as a trader then you will have to
work on yourself.  You will have to control your emotions.
Put yourself in my place and
learn from my experiences of the past month.   I am
not talking about the entire experience, just to learn.  Let's say
you
made something like ₹5 lakh in a particular trade.  After that
you are trading and your entire month has
come to around 67 lakh plus.  Then you
planned with the same profit that you had already made and thought that it would become ₹6 lakh.
I do one thing, I take a risk of ₹2.5-₹3 lakh
and try to convert it into ₹
10 lakh or ₹12 lakh.  But at the end that is
not yours.  You get a stop loss of Rs 3.5 lakh.
So what do you do after that
?  Will you take revenge or no, no,
I want to take revenge.  I had a
profit of Rs 6 lakhs no matter what.
3 lakhs are left.  There was a loss of Rs 3 lakh.
I am not able to bare it.  I want my Rs
6 lakh back somehow.  No,
what do you want to do?  Acceptance.  That's
it.  When your master tells you something
, you do not argue with him.  You say
yes sir.  The market is your master.   He
is your boss.  You won't argue with him.   The
market told me that you had a profit of ₹ lakh.
You risked ₹3 lakh.  Now it was your
day, not yours.  No, your setup did not work.  You suffered a
loss.  I will not say it, I want it.
No, not 3 lakhs, if you make my six lakhs into
12 lakhs then at least give me 6 lakhs.
No accepted fine.  The day is close.
How much did the month close in?  For Rs 3.5 lakh.
It's fine.  It's totally fine.  April is over.  It's
May.  Losses occurred in May after May.
I say I lost in May.
June will come, July will come, August will come, September
will come, November will come, December will come.  This year was a
complete loss.  26 will come.  Do you understand
?
Acceptance of loss.  So I hope you have understood about the
whole thing that what you
actually have to do.  How does it start
?  How do you get into the loop and
then how do you end it.  I will
repeat it in the last note.  Get these short
disciplines.  Take a systematic approach
and if you are a beginner then it
is very important for you.  You should understand that
acceptance of loss calms you down and
prepares you for the next trade
very peacefully and your executions become better.
Because you don't have any request.
And sometimes if you have a bad day.  So
you did two, three, four trades and all of them resulted
in loss.  It's fine.
Now keep this in mind, never judge yourself by the number of trades.
Because the
system may be different for everyone.  But you have to keep in
mind what your actual plan is
?  If your plan is to make
20 trades a day then there is
no problem.  I know some of the people who make
30, 40, 50 trades a day and they are
profitable and they have this thing in their
plan.  That his setup is such that he has to
take 40-50 trades and see.  And after that we will
decide what actually
happened, whether the money was made or not.  I don't judge myself on just two or four trades.
And
I know people who
like to take one or two trades a day and I also
know people who take three or
four trades a year.  Everything is right in its own place because
everyone's plan, everyone's
way of approaching the market is different and everyone has a set
plan.  If a person plans to
take three to four trades in a year
and takes 20 trades in a year, then it will seem
very less because if seen, only
two or one trade is being taken in a month.
But according to the setup given in the above,
it is wrong.  He broke his rule and
that is word reading for him.  So you need to understand this
thing and start working on yourself.  I
hope you liked it.  All
the best.  And yes, I have an idea.  You guys
tell me on which topic you
want the video next.  Comment whichever comment gets the
most likes.  I will try to
make a video of that.  And I
hope you liked it.  All the best.
Om
