In this video, I will teach you from
 
scratch what is orderflow and how you
can use it in your trading. Orderflow,
unlike price action, uses a deeper level
of information. It uses charts that show
you real interaction between buyers and
sellers and the battle between big
traders and institutions that happens in
the market every single day. This is a
trading style that is widely known and
used in the institutional trading space
and that I've used to trade live in
front of millions of people all over the
internet and to trade profitably my
personal account over the last decade.
In this complete guide, we will start
from what orderflow actually is, how
orderflow creates price movements, and
how you can read orderflow in real time
to find the best trading setups. And I
will show you my favorite orderflow tool
that allows me to filter out only the
big traders to truly follow the
footprint of the smart money in the
market. Let's get started. By the way, I
will share with you this entire map on
my Telegram channel. Let's start by
understanding what the market is. So,
the market is made by the interaction of
two forces. The intent to buy and the
intent to sell rooted through a central
exchange for regulated markets and
represented as volume. Now, let's see
how this interaction unfold. We have two
type of forces in the markets. the
aggressive participants and the passive
participants. And in this example, you
can see on the right side the order book
and on the left side the market orders.
Now, let's assume that a market order by
25 contracts, it's about to hit the
book. And these aggressive buyers are
accepting the prices by the best task,
the so-called passive sellers, the
passive forces that we saw before that
are providing 33 units at a price level
of 101. Now the 33 unit of passive sell
orders are sufficient to satisfy the 25
buy market orders that are the
aggressive forces and after execution
only eight sell orders remains in the
best task and the price moves up to 101.
Price is now here. Here we can see a new
candle with the orderflow tool that
represented the executed order called
the footprint and a record a detailed
record of what occur on both the bid on
the left side and the ask on the right
and it provide a list of all the
aggressive sellers who enter the market
and on the right of all the aggressive
buyers that join the action. Now the 41
passive buy orders are sufficient to
satisfy the interaction of the 25
sell market orders and after the
execution there are 16 contract here buy
orders that remain in best bit and the
price moves down to 99. the footprint
now have recorded both the 25 execution
that we saw before and the sell order
that we see executed on the horizontal
level 99. Now in the previous case we
have seen how the price move and
interact when the best bid and dusk are
able to satisfy the market order that
are coming. Now we need to see what
happens when the best bid and ask are
insufficient to fulfill the demand. So
when we see 75 aggressive participants
market order that enters here what
happens to the market and in this case
the 75 by market order found only eight
contract on the 101 level. So the best
ask and they move directly to 102 to
fill the remaining 67 contract. And you
have a reflection on this on the
footprint that shows you the executed
order of 25 on the 99 and 32 on the 101.
So we move to the 102 level with 67
contract of aggressive market
participants. The 102 level don't have
enough sell limit order to be able to
satisfy the buy market demand. So
considering the order matching execution
moved to the next level available that
is 103. So we have in the end on the
footprint we have 32 execution on the
101 level and 42 contract executed on
102 level and we are moving to the next
level that is 103. In this case, the 75
aggressive orders that we saw in the
beginning received and experienced a
slipage of three tick going to be filled
completely at the 103 level with 31
remaining contract available. So to
summarize, we have two forces that have
different features. We start with the
passive forces, the limit order that
have pricing authority and price
certainty because they choose the level
where they want to be filled but they
experience the execution are certainty.
So they don't have the guarantee to be
filled because to be filled someone else
need to accept this level. The market
orders have execution authority and
execution certainty because when you
press buy market it's a guarantee that
you will be executed but you don't know
where you don't have price certainty
because you can be filled for example
you can press buy market on the 101 and
be filled at 102 because maybe your
order experience execution that's the
reason they have different features. The
market orders have price uncertainty and
the limit order have execution
uncertainty. So now we are on the
orderflow platform deep charts and we
will watch some live interaction between
execution. So aggressive orders and
passive liquidity. As you can see now we
have 13 executed sell market order at
this horizontal level 6,841.
And now the price is rejecting. You can
see that the level of the price is
getting lower. This means that
aggressive sellers are executing order
at 6,841
and they are meeting the liquidity on
the downside and they are pushing the
passive liquidity down. They are eating
levels on the book on the downside. And
this is the reason you are watching this
interaction and price going down because
as we saw before in the example and you
can see this also from the closure of
the candle in the footprint. The candle
is in the majority controlled by
aggressive sell orders and is showing
you also the level where this sell
aggressive market order are
concentrated. That is the horizontal
level where you see the yellow box and
the 53
aggressive order executed. And on the
book we can see on the left side that
the liquidity is more thick on the
upside. As you can see there are 28 33
here and only 10. And this is the reason
we saw exactly in real time the sweeping
of the book. So the aggressive orders
entering on the sell side and eating
three different level on the book. So
the uh the aggressive orders the sell
aggressive order are pushing and eating
levels of the book. Now you are seeing
an interaction where we have a maximum
level of aggression that is the six
6,840
where the buyers are in complete control
and now the auction is changing. Now the
aggressive market order are pushing the
passive liquidity up. As you can see
sellers again protecting and we are
watching the live interaction of the
market. So every time we go to this
level the 6,841.5
you can see that the aggressive
sell order enter back and push the
liquidity level down. Now we are back to
6,840.5.
So you can expect that now the buyers
protect this level and these aggressive
sellers get absorbed completely on this
level. Let's see how it goes. As you can
see we have only five and 16 here and we
have 23 25 18 14. So the path of least
resistance is on the upside. This is
what I call the part of list resistance
and this is exactly what happened. As
you can see the price reached this
level, rejected and now it's going back
to the fair value of this range. Now we
are watching this interaction in London
session. So there is not a huge amount
of volatility and um interaction between
participants but as you can see we saw
the horizontal level of control of the
sellers that is the 6,841.5
and the horizontal point of control of
the buyers that is the 6,840
and this is the range where they
interact and this is the range where you
see that the interaction between
aggressive and passive orders shift.
gift. So from the example that we saw
before, we understood the two forces and
we understood their role. The role of
aggressive market forces is creating
pressure. Okay, moving the market and
the role of passive orders is creating
resistance and you can see this by
observing the book. Let's make this
example. Okay, we have 122 total
contract on this block here on the book
and we have a total of 273
on this part. Okay, which part do you
think will be more difficult to pierce
from the side of aggressive market
participants? Of course, this one is the
easier side to pierce. This one is the
more difficult. Why? Because this one
hold more resistance from passive market
participants. So you need a lot more
aggression to pierce through this. Let's
go on and let's understand in this
example that from the concept of pot of
list resistance, it's easier for the
market to continue higher here and
pierce through this passive orders
instead of breaching through this level.
The concept of probability and the
concept of what's easier doesn't mean
that it's always like this. But it's an
information that we can use. In this
example that we have here, we have a
breakdown of forces. We have buyers on
the right side, the sellers on the left
side. And here we can see a huge effort
on the top from the buyers to break this
level that got completely absorbed by
passive forces. The sellers on the other
side received a lot of result more
because they did less effort to achieve
more results. The candle close sell
here. So we have a short candle with
less less effort from the sellers and a
lot of effort from the buyers that
received zero reward. This is the
perfect case of absorption. Why? Because
you have no reward for buyers and you
have a lot of buy pressure. Probably
this candle will have positive delta but
negative closure. This is the textbook
example for absorption. Let's see now an
an example of aggression. So high effort
and high results. You have the same
breakdown. So on the right of the candle
you can see the aggressive market
participants uh on the buy side and you
can see that this strong move on the
upside had a lot of effort backing it
and they got also rewarded. probably
here we see a lot of levels from book
that got swept and we managed to close
with a full green candle. It means that
in this case the big buy effort got
rewarded and you have what we call an
initiative auction and a confirmation of
the aggression of the buyers. So in this
case you can probably guess that in the
balance of forces buyers won the battle
and it's more it's higher probability to
see a continuation on the next candles.
Now let's go through an example of book
sweeping. So low effort and high result.
In this case we see a lot of executed
orders on the bottom side of the candle
and then we see a candle that close with
an amazing reward. So there is movement
of the candle but there is an absence of
participants. So we can see that there
are no sell limit players in all these
area. There are but they are few and
price moves but not the money. So in
this case we saw an example where the
effort is low and the result is high
because in this case in this area that
I'm lining up for you there were no sell
limit player. So a small aggression from
the buyers swept multiple levels of the
book. Now let's introduce a new concept
that is called delta. Delta is the
difference between aggressive market
participants on the buy side and
aggressive market participants on the
sell side. So it's the different on the
horizontal level from aggressive sell
and aggressive buy market participants.
And we can have two different
representation of this information. We
can have an horizontal visualization and
we can have a vertical reference for the
delta on the left side. What we are
seeing here it's a delta footprint
profile and we can see for example that
the delta it's really high from the
point of view of the sellers on the
downside but the candle close by. This
is the perfect absorption example that
you can see from delta footprint profile
on the right side. If you want to use
the vertical delta information, we have
a market that is in a consolidation
phase here and we can spot that all
these aggressive market participants
here got absorbed and the candle close
green. This is a potential continuation
of the move and an absorption pattern
that you can spot using the delta per
candle in a vertical pack of data that
it's available on deep charts. And this
one needs to be set because usually you
will find the footprint on the left side
that is showing you the bidden dusk. You
can set by choosing the difference
between them and it's called
specifically delta footprint. Now let's
see an example of initiative auction. So
a concept that is usually representing
followup and reward. In this case we can
see from the executed order a constant
aggression of the buyer. So there is
consistent pressure on the upside one
side print that is also called imbalance
and you can use as a really strong point
to join the trend when it's developing
and you have a strong delta. So you have
coherence of information a strong delta
and a candle that close on the upside
and in this case you can see that is the
delta that is leading the price on the
upside. This is the best example that
you can have of aggressive momentum and
it's represented by what we call
initiative auction that can also be
spotted when you have an outline from
the vertical volume with a reward from
the close of the candle. So the market
is telling you the price is closing on
the upside. So you have an actual result
and the volume is supporting this
movement closing above the average. This
is aggressive market participants
putting the feet on the gas and joining
the trend on the upside and it's usually
an amazing signal if you are a trend
following trader. Now let's go through
an example of absorption and we can see
here that we have an absorption in the
middle of the candle. Okay. And we have
a value so an efficiency and the price
is the white line that we can see here.
And we have a sudden drop in the delta
when this big aggression arrived from
the market order. So the aggressive
participant on the sell side and it got
completely absorbed got run through and
uh this market order got completely
absorbed on this horizontal level and
the price continue to push it down and
close the candle long. So you have the
price going up like ignoring this small
inefficiency in delta and the delta
follow through the price and the candle
close long. This example here is the
reason I always watch the matching of
value and the matching of volume here.
So what the volume is doing what the
aggressive market participants are doing
and what is the result. So the
correlation between the effort and the
results of the player. If we go on the
right, this one can be seen as a general
absorption because from the horizontal
volume you can see a lot of effort here
but the candle closed green. So what is
telling us that all this input of volume
delta got absorbed and probably this
absorption happened here and we will
continue on the upside. The next example
that we can have is an exhaustion. In
this case we can see that there is a
decreasing volume. So the aggression of
the market participants from the volume
standpoint is getting lower and lower.
And we have also a contrarian imbalance.
So we have an imbalance at the top from
the sellers. So you have the price going
up up up not being followed by the
volume. So you have this divergence and
the price snap back to the value to the
efficiency of the market and you can see
that you have a rejection here. This
these signals are usually amazing
opportunities to uh capitalize on a
reversal trade. And from the concept of
vertical volume, you can find an
exhaustion where you can see that the
market is pushing really strong,
printing another green candle, but the
volume is getting lower and lower. This
is a dry up in volume. And usually what
you see this in a pattern order flow is
that you have a sudden reversal in
price. Now let's go through the volume
profile. Every time a limit order is
matched with a market order, we have a
transaction. Every successful
transaction, we can visualize in a way
that is distributed for each tick. And
what comes out from this point of view
is this distribution. This distribution
is the volume profile. Now when we are
watching the volume profile, we are not
extracting from the market information
related to imbalance, not information
related to aggression, but we are
watching how market participants are
interacting from an horizontal point of
view. If we go on the right, we can see
that what the volume profile gave us.
It's a Gaussian distribution where we
have the majority of the volume being
exchanged in this 68%
and as we move from the mean we have a
condition that is called imbalance
market and if we manage to go out from
the value area usually it's where trend
start. Now going on the concept of value
area. Value area is where the majority
of the volume for the volume profile
that you are visualizing is exchange.
And the value area is clearly defined by
value area high and value area low. That
are the points where the 68% of the
volume of the distribution took place.
The point where you can see the maximum
level of transaction. For example, if we
take this level here, we can see 90
transaction happening in this level.
This one takes the name of the P the
so-called point of control. Why point of
control? Because from a fair value
standpoint and from a concept related to
single transaction, this one is the
level that hold the most amount of
transaction of the day. If we are
talking about the daily volume profile
distribution. Now we can see that the
highest density of executed transaction
take place here between the value area
high and the value area low and high
execution mean strong price acceptance.
So institutions are really happy to
transact in this area and big players
can find a counterparty. This is the
so-cal balance market condition. Now
going on this type of market can be
traded with multiple strategy. usually
strategy that fade the top and the
bottom using orderflow and this market
takes the name of rangebound or
compression or consolidation and is the
driver of the trend that is coming
after. Why you need to understand this?
Because if you want to join the trend
early in his development, you need to
understand that the when the the price
accept and the volume accept below the
value area low or the value area high,
the market participants are telling you
that we are in a situation of out of
balance. So the accumulation or the
distribution is finished and you are
ready for the real move of the price.
Now let's go through the concept of low
volume node. In our distribution of the
profile, we will have some point where
you can see that the price is really
low. So on this level, the transaction
was not so efficient. Okay, the delivery
was not so efficient. So the price
probably jumped from one level to the
other with really low volume. And this
is the levels where the interaction
inefficient. You have poor fields. You
have dissatisfied market participants
and you have low execution. no price
acceptance. In this case, there is an
absence of transaction. These levels are
usually the most important levels. If
you want to hop in in an imbalance level
that is acting as a rejection. So let's
say that we are balancing inside this
condition and we manage to break and we
create an imbalance here in the profile.
Usually the market like to rebalance the
low volume node before continuing in the
direction of the trend. So this area a
really important area from a volume
point of view because it's an area where
you don't have high density of executed
transaction. So you don't have a price
acceptance and big players cannot find
counterparty there. So it's areas where
you usually see a ceiling or a bottom
before resuming to the direction of the
auction. Now price discovery bullish
move by side intent unfilled buyers due
to low volume. Now let's go through an
example of what I was telling you here.
When you have a low volume node and the
market goes in price discovery, you can
clearly see a lot of days the price
coming back to rebalance in this low
volume node and using this as a pivo
before resuming the direction of the
auction. In this case, you have a lot of
unfilled buyers due to the low volume
node. This one is where you can use
confluence and order flow pattern to
join the market direction. Now going to
the auction market theory and market
structure. How can you define where
institutions, hedge fund, banks are
building value. So big market
participants by watching what for them
is accepted as value. You can see from
here the value accepted was this. When
they go in a situation of out of
balance, they come back and they go in
price discovery on the downside and we
can mark the low volume node of this
previous distribution. And this is
exactly where the price likes to come
back in the future. We are stationary
here. So we accepted value on the
downside. So this value area high
becomes for us a strong rejection point
that paired with the low volume node
gives us all the market condition to
join the trend using orderflow pattern
on this level. After this we can see
that we have also a continuation setup.
So when the price goes above the fair
value that is this horizontal line and
you can use also the merge of this
profile the market slides back inside
the value area and you have the setup
that brings the price from one side of
the value area to the other side. You
can also try to go in price discovery if
the price is strongly directional. After
this we go aggressively down and we
created another value area on the
downside and the market start to
accumulate. After this we have an
acceptance day. So we have a market
shift in value and we print multiple
levels of low volume node here. That is
where the price will likely come to
rebalance because this level are
inefficient price and volume delivery
from institutions. We accept the value
area here and we have our setup below
the value area low joined with low
volume node. And here is where we want
to see what the market is telling us.
After this, we continue the price
delivery on the upside. We have
horizontal value being built. And when
we go back to the value area low and
down, we do what we call the hook. So
they do a failed auction, they try to
break, they get rejected. So all this
it's a rejection area. And when you go
back inside, you have your continuation
trade and so on. Now let's see how
institutions are accepting this delivery
of volume. We have the value building on
the upside. This is what we call the
Pshapes where the buyers are really
aggressive and you close the cash
session on the upside. So you can expect
a directional move also on the day after
and we see another acceptance of the
value. We have the profile closing on
the upside. So we expect another fading
of the value area low to go high or a
continuation trade where we break the
value area high of the previous day. And
when the the day close as you can see we
continue to accept value. So we only
consider long position here after price
having a hard time breaking the previous
value area low. You can see that it also
hook the value area high from the
downside. And this is what we like to
call a fake out, a failed auction trap
traders. And you can use all the tools
of order flow to understand this in real
time. And when you have this, usually
the price slice through the value area
to go to seek orders on the value area
low. This is one really profitable setup
with high win rate. And when you shift
the auction again, you have the shift
here. You continue to search for
position lining with the general
direction of the market when the market
gives you a premium. This is the real
concept of premium discount. When you
are going lower with the value and the
market gives you the opportunity to join
the trend from a point that is
considered expensive in the distribution
of the volume. You have a trade that you
can join bringing it to the value area
low or projecting it for additional
price discovery on the downside. This is
the institutional reference on how to
analyze the bias using volume. So actual
executed orders not theory and this
should be your starting point to build
your bias to confirm with all the order
flow tools. So now let's go in the chart
of NASDAQ. We are using a template of
deep charts that is representing the
volume profile specifically the cash
session of the volume profile because
it's giving us the majority of the
volume of the day and I only trade in
the New York session for US indices
because it's where the majority of the
volume get traded and I find it from
statistical validation the London
session to be usually for US indices not
so valuable to add to the profile. So I
only use the cash session profile. Now
going through single example, I want to
break down for you everything that we
saw live with the students of deep
charts from a profile framing approach
and we will go through the last two
months of volume and price. So from the
20 of November to the actual price
action. of the full two months from the
point of view of profile and we will see
what information was this volume
distribution giving us in terms of bias.
We'll start from here and we can see
that we will take this as the first
reference. Okay, we have a value area
here. So the majority of the volume gets
traded here and we will treat this as a
neutral information. Okay, now after
this the market tell us they accept
value. We have a strong move up. This is
a P shape. So the buyers from daily
point of view are in control of the
movement. You can see that also the PC
it's higher. It's located above the 50%.
This means that this movement is really
aggressive and you have a clearly
defined value area low with all these
rejection on the downside. The gray area
is all the rejection. So where the price
never accepted and this part is below
the value area low. This usually act as
support. So we want to mark it in green.
The bias is long. It's clear. We have uh
a clear rejection area that is the value
area low and all this absorption that
happened during the cash session of this
day. Okay. The day after the market
tried to break from the downside but
reject exactly below the value area low
in their rejection point. So the gray
area where they accumulated and absorb
the movement the day before closing
exactly at the same level. So these two
profile can be merged. You can merge
them
and you can see one piece of information
because when they are overlapping on the
same level they are just telling you
that they stayed in this balance area
for two days. After this we have an
acceptance the day after. Okay. We have
a higher pocker value area highi and we
have a really strong movement. As you
can see this is a double distribution
profile where you have a really thin
low. The first point that is interesting
is where the value area low is located
and then you have a big profile on the
upside that where the majority of the
volume got traded. So you can mark all
this rejection area from the downside
and as you can see the price stays
stationary the day after it stays
inside. So what you can do, you can do
from here merge and do a double day
profile on a single level and you can
have a really precise value area low
point. The day after the market accept
higher and comes to rebalance from the
horizontal level here exactly on this
level the 25,500
that is a psychological level and these
two profile that you can see here are on
the horizontal level so you can also
merge both of them.
Okay. And as you can see the auction is
really clear. This was amazing long
trade. After this you have three profile
on an horizontal level also we can merge
them and you can identify how much it
was beautiful the rejection that we saw
from the value area low all this
information can be paired with orderflow
pattern to take precision trade. After
this we have an acceptance and then we
start to notice something interesting
for two day they reject the top here and
they go lower in the P and the value
area. So they don't have the value area
matching but they go down. So they are
starting to distribute. So what you can
do is noticing and putting this as a
warning because you already rejected for
today on the same level. This one could
be a market shift. Okay. So you can put
orange because you want to monitor this
properly. The market tries to go back up
again and fail. This stays still inside
the same area. So you can decide to
merge
these two profile and you can see that
again the third day you have an amazing
rejection. So the market is telling you
that this is a strong wall and you have
a breakout of the previous value area
low. So this day here is telling you
look they are rejecting again when you
exit from this whole area of balance you
will have a trend and this is our
confirmation day.
Look how much it was clear that they are
continuing to push the low without
accepting the high. You have a rejection
an amazing rejection here that gives us
a clear trend. And as you can see from
here another test of the valuei amazing
short here. Another test of the value
area amazing short here. Another test of
the value area amazing short. And
another test and an amazing short. After
this, what we have? We have the market
shifting the option. So from a down
profile, you go in an up profile. Is not
a P shape. So it's still balance. You
can use this as indecision. You can put
blue instead of green. And then you have
our P shape. Low volume on the downside,
completely absorbed. And we have a
strong P. What can we expect that we
will have the following days of strong
trend up and we have 1 2 3 and four days
of strong trend up. Notice also much is
precise the value area low as a
rejection in the cash session. Also here
after this you have a clear shift here
you can see up and down and again from
here you want to start noticing the
rejection area. Okay? Okay. So you want
to start noticing the market joining the
trend on the downside because you are
going down with the auction. So you have
one trade, you have down, you have all
these rejection. You see they try to
break the value area low. This two value
area low and all this was a fake out.
They got rejected and the market goes
back down after this shift. So this one
is an indecision day. Okay.
Where the market changed the auction.
Sorry, not an indecision day, a change
of the auction here. And here you can
see how they sustained this movement for
three following days. After this they
try to shift down they failed because
this one if you try a short would have
been a stop loss. The first stop loss in
all these days and they bring the
auction up and this is a setup that we
saw in the live community together. This
long. Okay. Also this long was a setup
that we saw till the moment we shifted.
And when we shift, we start to see the
rejection on the upside and the market
collapsed. As you can see here, I took
this short from here. Then it shift
again and then you go down. Okay. So
here if you try to short this value
area, you would have taken a stop loss.
You have a shift again and these two
trades would pay you out. But why the
market when it reach this sensitive
level is having a stronger rejection?
Because we are on the upper part of the
distribution. So this one was completely
predictable and this is the level that I
gave to the community multiple times to
try the long also this one this long was
anticipated. I explained to them that
they will see a rejection from the
25,200
180 200 that will be really strong to go
on the upside and this is exactly what
happened again. Now we are going back to
the fair value of the distribution. Now
that we saw all the logic related to the
profile framing, we can go to the
execution part and the order flow
pattern. So we saw the absorption, we
saw the exhaustion, we saw the
initiative auction and for my first year
of orderflow trading, I was using the
full profile footprint. Then after I
became a scalper, so I have the
necessity to visualize information in a
fast and efficient way to take fast
decision, I created this template. This
is the deep trades view and is giving
you a filter on executed orders based on
the size. So I only want to see big
market participants. And in this case
for example this was an area qualified
for the short that you can qualified as
I show you previously using the profile
using your technical analysis strategies
using everything. What I watch is the
interaction between my level and the
market participants the big market
participants. In this case here I can
see that all these effort 72 61 60 62.
So a total of 300 contract on this
horizontal level where also the
aggressive sellers already show their
strong aggression with result showing me
that all this effort is being absorbed.
So this is a perfect example of
absorption. This is a confirmation for
me to start building my position on the
downside. And the information for me
that I can put my position at risk-free
comes immediately 3 minutes after when
the market is telling me look that they
are adding short position and the result
of the candle is really strong. So I can
capitalize on this movement. Here you
can see what we saw in the example
before. So an absorption midcand. So
buyers tried to enter aggressively here
but got completely absorbed and the
candle closed sell. Now let's go on the
app example that I took on the long side
on my account. That was a qualified area
to search for longs and the market comes
back to this area the first time. It
comes back and you can see 105 executed
order on NASDAQ on this horizontal level
on the week. So it means that these
aggressive orders got rejected. They
didn't add a result. They got completely
absorbed. The market tried again failed.
The market tried again another time and
the last time that he try it tried with
101 contract always on the same
horizontal level. So let's do a summary.
You have a method of qualifying
important areas that it can be volume
profile, it can be VWAP, it can be
anything you like to use supply and
demand. And then you have an information
from the execution point of view of the
market participants. And you can see
here that also the buyers had an hard
time having a result because they got
completely absorbed. So now we are stuck
here. You can do this ping pong till
here and when you break this level, you
can decide to put your stop loss to
break even. So if you decide to enter
here like this with a target here, okay,
you can decide to go from 1 to two to 1
to5 and put your stop loss to break
even. What happened yesterday was the
following. So you have another attempt
after breaking out of the sellers of
breaking complete absorption and you
have an amazing explosion on the upside
where you can trail and this for example
is my momentum model that you saw live
for 1,000 time. You can trail your
position following the aggression of the
market. So this one print a new one. You
bring your stop loss here and you
continue. Okay. And yesterday was an
amazing move on the market was really
aggressive. And this is how I merge the
information that I get from volume
analysis, the information that I get
from order flow analysis and the
information that I get from result. So
from price. So, if you enjoy this video,
you will find this full map on my
Telegram. And don't forget to subscribe
to the channel.
