Today, I'm going to explain how this
 
chart going up can turn into all of
these broker withdrawals. I'm going to
teach you how to start forex trading in
2026 as a beginner so that by the end of
the video, you can place your first
trade. I've been doing this for 17
years. I'm self-taught. I've helped
thousands of traders. I'm 3 months away
from moving into a $5 million mansion
I've been building for my beautiful
family. And if you watch this entire
video, I'll teach you everything that I
can, including the free tools that I
use, the platforms that I trade on,
[music] where I withdraw my profits, how
I analyze charts to win trades, and much
more. Now, I never promise or guarantee
any results. But if this video helps you
at all, please smash that like button,
subscribe to the channel, and let's pop
up the charts. So, what is Forex
trading? Look, I have $50 Canadian
dollars right here. the now the value of
this bill goes up and down against other
currencies. See, if we put $50 in the
currency calculator and convert this, we
can see that $50 is only $36.51
in US and I place trades based on this
information. So, let's say I believe the
US dollar is really strong and the
Canadian dollar is really weak. Well,
then I'm going to buy the US dollar
against the Canadian dollar and collect
my profit. Let's look at an example.
This is an active trade on a candlestick
chart. Now, I took a buy position at
this level right here because I believe
the US dollar is strong and the Canadian
dollar is weak. Now, if the price comes
down to my level right here, I lose
$255.
If the candlesticks come all the way up
to my level right here, I will gain
approximately $400. Now, in this case,
you can see the price is moving in my
direction and as soon as it hits the top
of that level right there, I'll be able
to collect my profits right there. So,
in this case, I was right and my buy
position was successful. Now, let's say
I think the US dollar is really weak and
the Canadian dollar is really strong.
Well, then in that case, I want to sell
the US dollar. So I'm on the same US
dollar Canadian dollar chart, but this
time I'm doing a sell position. So if
price comes to the bottom right here, I
win my trade. And on this trade, I had a
level of interest right there, a level
of supply. When price reacted off of
that level, well, I thought it was a
good time to enter a trade. So I entered
my sell position from right there. Now,
I always have a bunch of rules that I
follow on every single trade in order to
win more trades than I lose. In this
case, price is pushing down aggressively
and I'm able to win the trading
position. Now, I'll give you that full
list of rules later in the video, but
it's much easier than you think. I'm not
looking through the news analyzing a
bunch of crazy CPI data. I'm simply
looking at the price chart only. I'm
marking out different levels that I like
to take trades from, waiting for price
to react to those levels, and then place
my trading positions for a profit. But
where do you even start with analysis?
Well, that's where we get into the main
tool that I use for trading, which is
Trading View. And it's absolutely free.
The Trading View link is in the video
description, and it's going to take you
right to this page right here, where you
click get started at the top. There are
paid plans right here, but it's not
required. You could sign up for free.
Click on email right there. Enter your
email, enter your password, tell them
you're not a robot, and then just create
your account. Now, once you're logged
in, just come to products, and click on
super charts right here. This is where
you set up your time frame. You select
the pairs you want to trade. You can
choose a bunch of different indicators
to help you with your trading. But let's
go through an example of analysis I
would do on a live chart right here so
you can see if forex trading is for you.
Now the first thing I'm looking at is
all of these big green candles right
here. Every single one of these candles
is 1 hour because I'm on the 1 hour time
frame. And since we had such a big push,
I'm going to draw a box on the red
candle before the huge push up. That's
just my level of demand. And then all
I'm doing is waiting for price to come
to that level of demand because I may
want to take a trade from there. In this
case, you can see price never came back
to my level of demand, but it created a
new level of demand. Again, the red
candle before the big push up. Now, why
do I consider these zones demand zones?
It's because this huge push up in price
can only be made by banks, institutions,
the rich people. So basically, they're
telling me they liked buying at this
level right here. They liked buying at
this level right here. So that's a level
I'm going to like too. So I'm simply
waiting for price to come back to that
level. And you could see almost
approaching that level right here. And
there it got into the level. So it
reacted off of this level right here. So
I'm going to take a long position on
this next candle. Put my stop loss below
the zone. I'm going to target something
like this right here because this was a
level price reacted off earlier. Right?
So price came up to this level. It came
down to this level and so I'm thinking
price may come up to this level and then
down again. So that's where I put my
take-profit level. Then I place my buy
order and I can play the position out
right here. And we see the price goes in
my direction, takes a little bit of
time, and smashes my takerit, winning
that trading position. And that right
there is called a supply and demand
trade. My favorite way of trading. But
let me show you another way of trading
right now. A way that a lot of other
traders like to trade. This is called a
break and retest trade. So we have this
level already set up and we broke
through that level. So this level was
considered a level of resistance and
when we break through that level that
level can now be used as support. So
when price breaks out and retests that
level we can consider another buy trade
with market continuation.
So I would set a long trade somewhere
around here so that when this line right
here gets broken, it enters my trade and
I'm aiming for market continuation. So
you can see it broke up, it entered the
trading position and then smashed the
takerit again. So our first trade was a
supply and demand trade. Our second
trade was a break and retest trade.
These are two trading strategies that
millions of traders use on a daily
basis. Now, I'll show you a full live
trade that I placed later in the video
with the complete strategy. But first,
we have to get into where to place
trades the broker in 2026. I'm placing
all my trades with AAFX. The link is in
the video description. Just click on
join now right here. This will take you
to a registration page. Enter your name,
email, country, very quick, and then hit
register. Then once you're logged in,
this is what the back end looks like.
I'm just on the withdrawal page right
here. You can see I've placed many
withdrawals with the broker since
midsummer. Obviously, I've been trading
for 17 years, so my withdrawals are
going to be bigger than yours, but I'm
showing you this so that you can dream.
Now, once you're in the back end, just
come to tools, click on trading
terminals, and you can download
MetaTrader 5 to your desktop or your PC,
your Android, your iOS, and you can also
put it on your phone so you can trade
while you're on the go. I do that all
the time. Once you get that downloaded,
you could install it. If you click on
settings here, it'll show you exactly
where that folder is going to go. Click
next and then it's going to install the
platin. Once you've got it installed,
this is what it looks like. Come up to
file, click on log into trade account.
Here is where you're going to put your
login and your password. The AAFX broker
will send that to you in an email. If
you don't have a demo or a live account
yet, just come to manage accounts up
here. Click MetaTrader 5. You could
create a demo account. You could create
a live account. I like the ECN plus
account. I like a very high leverage and
I use a US dollarbased currency. And
then when you're actually ready to trade
live, you could come to funds, deposits.
You can select your trading account
here. You could select your deposit
type. Put that money in and start
placing live trades. So, we just had our
supply and demand trade. We just had our
support and resistance trade. Let's
place another trade. Look, we have a
level of demand right here. price just
came back to that demand level. So, I'll
be looking to take a buy position right
here. And based on the current price,
I'd be looking at a level of resistance
right there for my take-profit level, a
level here for my stoploss level. And
then either on my phone or on the
desktop app, I would come to new order
right here. I'm trading GBPUSD right
now. I could set the volume at 01.
That's the smallest good place to start.
And I'm just going to have a market
execution. I'm just going to select buy
right now. And you can see this trade is
now open on my account minus about 3
cents. And if the trade goes in the
direction I want, like this one did
right here, it would close out in profit
and I could make a couple of bucks or a
couple thousand bucks depending on the
size of my account and how much I'm
risking. Now, when you're new to
trading, the analysis can be difficult,
which is why I send one free trade per
week to Telegram on your phone. The link
to the free Telegram is in the video
description. Currently, we have close to
80,000 members in here. This was the
last trade that I sent. You can see
price was at a level that I liked. The
trade opened. I quickly was in profit
and then I ended up closing this trade a
little bit early because news was coming
and I was able to make a nice little
profit. I've been giving these high
probability trades for five years. I've
done very well with them, but I don't
promise or guarantee any future results.
But if you don't want trades from me,
that's fine. Let me give you a full
breakdown of a live trade so you don't
have to rely on anyone except yourself.
Now, let's go through a stepbystep trade
example so you're ready to place your
first trade at the end of this video.
So, rule number one, I want to trade
with the trend. In order to do that,
just come to indicators, type EMA, click
on the moving average exponential.
That's going to put this yellow line on
your chart right here. And these are the
inputs that I use. Okay. Now, if the
price is above that yellow line right
there, we are in an uptrend. And I only
want to buy. That's rule one. Now, I
need to find an entry. So, what kind of
entry do I like? I like a demand zone
entry. Right? You could see right there,
we created a level of demand. price
pushed up aggressively telling us the
smart money likes to buy from this
level. So I want to buy from that level
too. So rule two, set up a level of
demand. Now rule three, we're looking
for a break of structure or we want to
take out supply. Okay, so this is a
break of structure right here because
this is the last high. So we want to see
that high get taken out by price. The
same goes for supply. You could see this
is a level of supply right here. Why?
Because we had one, two, three, four red
candles down. It was an aggressive move.
So, we want to see that get supply get
taken out by recent price, which is
exactly what happens right there. So,
that's your third rule. Now, for the
fourth rule, we want to see price come
down slowly, right? We want to see a
slow price come down, right? We don't
want to see a huge candle. That's
exactly what happens, right? We're
getting some green candles, we're
getting some red candles. It's nice and
slow. So that's rule four. And for rule
five, we want to see the price close in
the demand zone. So you can see this
candle just closed in the demand zone
right there. Now I'm ready to take a
long position off of that candle. I'm
going to target this recent level right
here. Right? That level of supply maybe
a little bit higher. Something like
this. Price came to this level once.
Came a little bit higher to this level
right here. Came to this level again
right here and right here as well. So I
can expect price to come to that level
again. I set my stop loss below the
level of demand. So if price goes
against me, I'm wrong. I lose the trade.
If price goes in my direction, I'm right
and I win the trade like I did right
there perfectly. Now, another thing that
I often do is I use the Fibonacci tool.
It's right here. Click the fib
retracement and I'll measure from the
bottom of the move to the top of the
move. And I will swing that across. And
I want to make sure that the
retracement, you could see the
retracement right here, comes below the
50% level right there because that tells
me I'm getting price at a discount as
well. You always want to be buying and
selling from discounted levels. So now
you're ready to trade. Make sure to
check the links in the video
description. Smash the like button,
leave a comment, watch this video right
here, watch this video right here, and
I'll be back next week trading again.
Much love.
