Hi my name is Khan and you are watching
 
chapter number seven of Logic Trading.
In this chapter, we will learn how to
identify PUI.  How to identify PY in a higher time frame.
Which are the PYs that actually
work and where should we
take entry.  Because order blocks are
not the only PUI.  Apart from the order block, there are
some other places where
we can take entry.  So this video
is very interesting because in this you will be
told and taught about all the award POIs
because if you know
where we have to take entry.
Where is our POI?  PY means
Price of Interest.  You
can also call it area of ​​interest.  Generally people
call it order block and that is POI.
That is the entry point for us.
But it is not like that.  Order blocks are a different
thing.  POI is a different thing.  POI
means a point of interest.  An
area where you can buy or sell.
Whether it's your order block, whether it's your
liquidity, whether it's your
liquidity, inducement, anything can happen
there.  So we have to identify those things.
How do we
identify our PY and where
can we buy or sell it?  If you
look at the first diagram, it is of a bearish
market.  In this case the market
generally breaks.
Where should we take entry after the break of the structure?
At least you have to keep in mind that
whenever there is a break of structure in the market,
whenever we have to take entry, we will have to
take it at least above the inducement.
If I talk about the inducement in this case, then
this is your inducement and many times it
happens that just next to the inducement
you get to see the order block which
you will find on this side which is the last
buying move before the drop, something like this
you will get to see the order block here.
But if an order block is created here in this manner,
then
wait for the market price to be hit there and
after that, from there we can sell it in the lower time frame,
whatever our entry
points are, like entry on the basis of change of character, entry on the
basis of fill, which we
will discuss in details in the next part. The
second thing is that if the market does
not save your order block, does not mitigate it,
for example, your order
block is here, but the price
taken by the market is just saved in this
manner, which is why this bearish candle is
formed here.  In this way it
swept the previous index.  Now
what generally happens after sweeping is that we
can see the sales here.  You do
n't need to wait for the auto block to be mitigated
and then we can buy or sell here.
Here you do not need any auto block.
You simply have to
follow the inducement.  Take market indication and
after that we will be able to buy or sell from there.
So how will you sell it?
You have to keep one thing in mind that
you should extend the previous high of your index in this
manner, if this move has
swept the previous high in this
manner and the closing has come below it and
this is a bearish candle, its colour can be different or it can also be
bullish but it does
not matter, the main thing is that your
previous high which has been swept
is important and after the sweep, if the closing is
below it, then how will we sell it,
you generally just have to remember that
this is the entire wick, you
can consider it as the entire wick or you can take the entire candle.
If this shadow is very big then this much is
taken for refinement.  But generally it is taken completely
and after that we will work on this zone as a
supply as a PY and here
we will sell it from the next candle which opens.  So this is your second
Sario.  The first thing that happens is that your
PY will tap the Pay Market which is here.
If Price taps on this PY then
what we have to do is that generally you have to wait for
Price to tap on PY.
After that we can sell it.  But
Price didn't tap out here.  I just
swept the previous swing high
and after sweeping, I gave the closing below.
So this is our entire week, the entire
candlestick, this
will work as a supply for us and we can sell it from here.
Secondly, it happens many times
that this is the inducement but the price is
given above closing and this
candlestick also becomes bullish
and PI is also not typed but the
market goes downwards.
What can we do in that condition?
In that condition we have two possible
scenarios.  One is that if you have
taken an inducement and the closing
is given above it by the candle stick, for example, this
candle stick of yours will become a bullish candle.  The
form will be something like this.
Correct.  Now this bullish candlestick of yours has
formed here.  Now what can you do about it
?  How will you enter this?
You have to wait for the next candle.
Either the candle which is rainy should be
quite big and should give
closing below it, that is, it should give
closing below the low of the previous candle, even then it will
work as valid for us and
our PY will be this candle stick which will be
formed here, in this way it will
work as PY for us and
what we will do here is we can sell it in this way,
whichever next candle will open, we will
sell it here, we will put above anti stop loss
and then in this way we
can expedite it, in this there is
no need of your PY being typed.
So this is another scenario.  And another
scenario that is possible here is
if it is a 15 minute PI.  For example,
higher time frame or 15 minutes or 1 hour or 4
hours, it will depend on you
which type of time frame you use.
As a day trader 15 minutes is used in Forex.
5 minutes is used in your stock.
So if this is
your PUI of higher time frame here.  So if you
want to take a safe entry here, then
for safe entry you can
go to the lower time frame and switch to 1 minute
and wait for the change of character here.
And after the change of character,
you can take sale entry from here.
Which will be a risk free entry.   There will be
reduced risk entry.  Because here
you are taking double confirmation.  First,
your index has been taken in the market and
after that, when these things have developed,
then you are selling it.  So this will be a
double confirmation for you.
You can sell it in this way.  These are
two or three possible scenarios you have.  Now what
happens next is that most of the times the
market momentum is going bullish.
He took the inducement and
after taking the inducement the price continued to go
up.
No respect was given to the inducement and the market is going up.
So we have to see at what price point
we can sell here.  The
probability of induction is 50-50%.   The
market will react from here, so we have to
act accordingly as per the three
possible scenarios I have mentioned.  If the market does
not fit into those three scenarios, then
you should not enter there
because the entry of the investment has a
probability of 50-50%.  That is
why this inducement is also called decisional zone.
You have to weigh whether your
extreme engineering is
above equity.  The simple meaning of Engineer Equity is
that this is your high, this is Engineer
Equity because the extreme above this is the
order block.  Now the extreme
order block which is the highest, the high
just below it is our recent
high which is the full back one, that is called our engineering
liquidity.  You
can also call it extreme liquidity, you
can call it anything.  But we are using
engineering liquidity which will be quite simple
for you.  So we will wait for the price to
tap this zone and
when the price hits this zone, then what type of
entry should we take.  This formation is what
you will generally see here
and as soon as this formation is there, this is your
blue yellow zone.  Tap on the price here
and after tapping we can
apply the same situation here.  Here
you are mitigated by the price and then
from there we can buy or sell it.
Generally the market is bearish so we will look at selling in it
and the second possible entry here will be
your engine equity which is
formed at this price point.  Now it often happens
that engine equity is
created here and this type of form is formed.  The market
just swept this high
and did not even tap your PY
which is at this point.  It was just
swept and then
it gave closing on the downside.  So what
will you do in this case?  Will do the same situation.  Like we did on
inducement.  This entire
zone of yours, whatever will work for you, it will
work as a supply.  You do not
need to mitigate order blocks in this.  The
order block is a
secondary confirmation.  There is an additional
confirmation.  The main thing for us is the
inducement and liquidity point which the
market should take and after that we will
buy or sell in it.  So the same Sario can
apply here.  Like we did
here.  If the price does
n't sweep it just.  If this type of
closing is also given, formation is done,
then you have to apply the same things here.  The
candle is closing above this.
So the next bearish candle should be its
blow closing, only then we can sell it.
And then we can go to the lower time frame and
take entry after the chalk boss.
Which we will learn in the entry parts.
In this we are learning
how to identify PY which is very
important.  Learned to identify PY.
So you will understand the entry model very easily
and if its whip
is very big, the shadow is very big then we
will sell it here in the same way as we had
marked it on the investment here.   The
market should come at this price point and then we can
sell it directly from here.
Correct it in this way.  And whatever your low is,
that will be your target.  So, this will be yours
in case of a bearish structure.  If
you have to keep one more thing in mind.  If
anything is created here between engineer liquidity and induction.
Any Auto Block: You must have seen many times
that your multiple times order blocks are
created here.  So you do
n't have to pay attention there.  That is not working for you.  All
you need to do is look for the order block
that is at the extreme or just
after the inducement.  Many times you may also
see that you have
taken the inducement but the order block is at this price
point.  So this does not mean that it will
not work.  It will work because
after investment this is your order
block.  He may be close to you
or may be at a distance.  But if the
engine is close to liquidity then you should
not buy it because just above this you will
see that it is extreme which has high
probability, so it will be better to sell there as
compared to the
first one.  So these are
very important things for you to keep in mind.  Now let's move
to the case of a bullish structure and see
how it works there.  Same situation will remain, same
working will continue.  But what will happen?
Whatever our structure will be, it will just be reversed.
In this case, if you see, the momentum of the market
is bullish and in this case there is only one
pullback which is inducement and
you will call this as engineered equity as well as
inducement because there is
only one pullback in this leg.  Here you
saw two pullbacks.  There
is only a pullback here and how will you trade in this case
?  Your indication is taken and
after taking the indication, your
price is either your order block which
you have created, this is your last
selling candle before the buy, the price will be
tapped here, we can buy from here, in
this zone you can take entry here in the lower time frame 1 minute,
1 minute or
5 minutes, you can take entry here according to the time frame you are following,
okay so this is your first PY,
second is that if the market
takes the indication and does not tap this PY, then
how do we identify our PY.
This is the inducement, if this
inducement, take it and sweep it.
Correct sweeps it.  As
we discussed here.  Same
things will remain but what will happen?  There will be a slight
minor difference.  Like if you
sweep here and this is your result.
Correct it in this way.  But what will happen in this case is
that your order block is
not typed.  But your previous
indenture has been swept away.  So this will be a
sweep.  So what will we do after that
?  We will buy it from here.  Where will we do it
?  You have to mark the zone of the entire candlestick in this
manner.  This will
serve as your edge a py.  Secondly, if
its shadow is quite big then you
can also refine it in this way.  And here
you can also mark it as a PY.
And still this entire pic is a complete
candlestick.  This will work just like PY.
You can take this much for butt refinement.
And price, tap this from here
and then we can expect a buy from here,
which will have a very high probability.  The
main thing is that the market needs liquidity to go up
or down.
A fuel
is required.  A momentum is needed.  That is
achieved by hunting stop loss in the market.
Now here why are we marking in this manner
that this PY will work.
Because this zone is your SMT.
As we explained
in the previous chapter.  SMT means
people are buying here and here you will have high
chances that you will
see the order block like this at this
point.  Why?  Because there
is no adjustment here.  This is a single like.
If you are seeing the same things here at
this point.  So you don't have to buy there
and generally the problem arises
that you will see that the structure
is bullish and the market has made a breakout structure.
You immediately buy at this price point.
You don't have to do those things.
You just have to simply keep in mind that the
structure is broken but we
need inducement.
We should not take it without inducement.  Even if the market taps into it
, reacts, even goes up,
you still don't have to do it.  Because if the
market has tapped out without any inducement and is
moving up, then it will be a short term
move.  The market will bounce back and
that induces smart money traders
, retailers to buy.  Then the
market will collect stop loss and then the
big rally will
come only after taking the investment.  So here in this way you
can do buying and selling.  And the
second possible scenario here would be that
if the market closes below this,
it will become your bearish candle.  Correct?  But just as it is,
you will need
your next bullish candle to
close above it.  Only then can we
expect anything from it.  Like we just
saw in the previous scenario.  In this way the
market should go up and after going up,
give closing above it.  So this is how your
order block will work.
Here your bullish order will be blocked.
Correct?  And type in the price here
and then we can put in buy expect.
This will become your zone.  Ok?
So, this is what happened in the induction case.
Now the second one is that your extreme taps
here.  So, which way will you take it?
Simply you have to look at the order block on the left
side.  And whatever order block
we are taking here, it should be unmitigated.   There should be
proper imbalance in it.  And
if there is a liquidity sweep, what is it?
What is a high low sweep of the previous candle?
That is an additional confirmation.  There is strong
confirmation and buy and sell.  So this is
your situation in both bullish and bearish conditions.
Now let's look at this a little on the live chart.
So you will understand a little more easily what all this
means.
How can we identify our PY?
So here we have a 5 minute
chart of Bank Nifty which we had
taken as an example in the previous chapter.  We will
explain it to you on that only and
you will understand it more clearly.  So here
you will see that the momentum of the market is
bearish.  The market has broken the pay
structure here.  So after the break of structure, the
first high that happens
works as an investment for us.
And whatever order block is created before that will do the
work of SMT for us.  Smart
Money Trap So what happened here?  Same things have happened.  It was
as if the market broke this structure.
Where's our first pullback?
Where we have mentioned indexation, if
I extend it, then if you
notice here, the market has swept it
and before that, if you see here, the
market has got a reaction for the short term.
But the ultimate direction of the market
is that it has come down only after going up.
Why has this happened here?  Because
what happens here is that the early sellers
enter here for sale.
And where do we have to enter the second one
?  At least after you take your inducement.
Now
if you notice just above the inducement, where is your order
block?  This
is the point.  Ok?  So this point of yours is a
zone for you where you can sell it.  There
is your PUI.  You
can say it this way.  The biggest problem is that
if your engineering equity and just below that
your POI is
after the induction, then I had mentioned previously and
recently that in that case we should take
extreme.  But if your
PY type is not there and your
inducement gets swept then we
consider the sweep candlestick as a PY and from there we
expect to sell it.  Now the
candlestick that has been swept here, this large
candlestick has swept this
indicator and given it further downward momentum.
So this is for us, it will
work as a PY for us.  Sometimes you will
see a very big shadow.  Sometimes a small
shadow will be visible.  It will depend on
your situation as to
how the market forms in which situation.
How is it created?  So right now the
POI for us is this point
and by going here we
can sell from here in the lower time frame.  And this will be the
selling zone for us.  And
in this you can also sell directly.
If you sell directly then obviously
your stop loss will become a little bigger.
But if you refine in the lower time frame then
your stop loss becomes a little smaller.
But it will depend.  It is
not necessary that if you
want to take direct entry then you can take direct entry here.  You
can place above the stop loss.  The
market reacted.
Reacted for a short term and the market came back
up and tapped into the extreme zone
which is engineer equity and
after taking this we can sell it.
Now what happened?  In the market, you will have to see
that the market has taken the engineered equity,
this is equal to I for us, this
point is fine and this is a sign of liquidity,
obviously what happens to us is that this
sell has swept it and
also mitigated it because for us this is the
last buying candle before the sale, so our PY will
come to this point and we will
expect to sell it when the price will
mitigate it and if we consider the shadow of this candle as
PY in this way
and here we can sell it by going to the lower time frame.
Secondly,
if you are taking direct entry
for sell, then the sell entry you have to take is
from this point and then the stop loss has to be
placed above it.  Correct?  And
you have to place stop loss above this and keep the target here.
So in this way you
can also take direct entry into it for sale.  Let us now
look at another example.  Then you will get
better clarity.  If I
scroll this a little to the left,
this is the high sweep from a previous day.  The
high and low of the previous day
works as a liquidity.
If the high low of the previous candle is swept,
it will also work as a POI because it is a
higher time frame.  So here the
previous day's high was swept and
what happened after the sweep was that the price
broke the previous recent low.
In this case, your first low will become
your change of character and as
soon as it breaks, it is an indication
that a pullback is about to happen in the market.
A downward momentum is about to come.   A
reversal is coming.  As soon as the market
broke downwards.  You can see
that the continuation drop in price here has
happened something like this.  Our
pullback was the first one that happened.  After that the
market went down and in the next attempt the
market could not break it because
it was the first inducement.  If the market had accepted it,
we could have sold it from here.  But
what happened finally?  The market again dropped down
and fell in two parts here
and finally broke this low.  So
now our inducement has
changed here.  Now
our induction has shifted from here to here.
This inducement has now come here.
Correct?  Why?  Because now
where is our recent high, this is the point.
Ok?  Now whenever the market
takes a recent high, because we are at this point,
it will work as an inducement for us.
If I copy and paste this from here, it looks
something like this.  So this has happened to you, it has become
an engagement.  And
after engagement we will sell it normally.  Now at
what price point will you sell?  First,
sweep whatever you have, then we can sell it.
Secondly, if there is any
order block nearby which will work as a POY
for us, then it should be erased here
so that the last buying candle
before the sell zone is here.  If I
scroll it down from here, you'll see that it has
n't mitigated it when I extend it.
But the engagement has been swept away.
So after sweeping I
gave the closing below it.  What happens if the closing
gives below this?  There is a
strong indication for reversal.
Ok?  So what will happen here?  This
shadow of yours will work as a PY.  In this case
you do not need an order block.
Order Block As mentioned,
we take that for an additional confirmation.   The
most commonly used order block is
generally used in anti time frames.
When we take entry in the lower time frame
and in the higher time frame
you will mostly see that there will be a liquidity
sweep or the market will take inducement.
Then we go and sell it.  If the
order block is tapped, it becomes additional for us.
But there
is no priority that
we will buy or sell only when the order block is tapped.  So here the
market took the inducement.
After taking the inducement, we can sell it at the same price point by
going to the lower time frame.
This is your first PUI.
Second, if you
look just above, where is your incentive?
Where is your pullback?  So your
next high is here.  This will
work as an engine equity for you.  Here
this engine equity does not mean
that it should be at your extreme.  Engine equity
means your last high.
Ok?  And your order block is at this
point which is at the extreme.
Correct?  So this is your PY which is at this
point.  As I told you,
PY means that once our liquidity is
shipped, it gets converted into our PY
or once it is typed in the order block,
it becomes our PY.  So here
Price has not typed the order block
but has swept your previous engineered
equity.  Now
after sweeping, here you will
definitely see a cell setup because
it has swept here.  Here you can sell it by
going to the lower time frame and getting its confirmation,
which is a
completely valid way to
identify a valid POI.  Ok?  So this is
how you can mark your POI
in a bearish market.  Now let us
look at a couple of examples
for the bullish market that we have taken in the second diagram.  The
second chart is of GBP
OST 15 minutes.  If you look at the
break of structure that has happened here and
before the break of structure, if you notice
from which price point the price has
given a reversal in the market.  If you look at this leg,
zoom in a little bit and see it
cleanly, then in this case you need a
valid pullback.  What does a valid pullback
mean?  A candlestick that
breaks the low or high of the previous candle is
converted into a valid pullback.  A
break of at least a single candle
is compulsory.  If you identify this entire leg
from top to bottom, then
this is a complete single leg.  None of the
candles have broken the low of the previous candle.  I have taken
this break after coming here.
But this is not a valid pullback for us.   The
reason for this is that the high of this candle is
this and the low is this.  Whatever is happening in between is
not important for us.  So
this candle is also
not a valid pullback for us.  But
if you scroll down a little, you will notice that this
bullish candle has been
partially swept here.  We
can assume this one is a valid pullback.  We can agree
that yes, this is fine for us.  So
in this case, the inducement is
most important for us.  It
is important to mark it.  So we will
mark this as an inducement.  And the
thing to keep in mind is that before you identify any PY,
it is
very important that you do valid structure mapping.  If
you do structure mapping, your
PY identification will be done automatically.
So this is your induction and
after the induction, if you notice
where our engineering equity
is and at what price point.  There is engineer
equity, obviously
we have
engineering equity on the extreme order block.  So in that case,
if you see where your extreme
order block is, which is
correct here at this price point.  But this order
block has already been mitigated.
Due to this short term pullback, it has been
mitigated here.  So right now
we have only one order
block at this point which is
unmitigated.  So for us now this
zone, this one which is low, will
also work as an engineer equity.  As an
inducement will also work.  For us, that's
zone inducement plus engineering equity.
And as soon as this sweep happens, we will buy from here.  Even
if there was no order
plot here, there would still be no problem.
You simply sweep it
and after sweeping,
we work this candle as a PY and this entire
wick works as a PY for us
and its wick has a very
big shadow, you refine it, so
you could refine it in this way also.  But whatever
we take, you have to take the majority, you have to take the entire
shadow, the entire wick and the entire
candlestick and after taking it,
you will be able to execute the entry by going to the lower time frame
and secondly,
if you scroll on this side,
we have mentioned the breakout structure here
but our breakout
structure is not confirmed here as
we saw in chapter one that
if the market breaks the previous high
but does not give closing then it is a
liquidity seep and the liquidity seep
gives a pullback if it is a bullish
market and in a bullish market the previous
high is swept.  He will give a short term
pullback whenever there is a break.  If the
market is in your bullish direction but
sweeps low, it will give you a big move.
What happened in this case?  Sweeped but you have seen
a short term move here towards the
bottom.  But the major move
you will get after the low sweep.
Same thing happens in your fruit market.
When the market is bearish, sweeping your high
, you get to see a big move.
But whenever the market sweeps low,
you will definitely see a pullback for the short term
but you will not see a major move
and then the market will again
drop downwards.  These points are
very important points.
Whenever the market is bullish, you have to be careful.
In a bullish market, there will be a low sweep, then
you will get a big move.  If your market is
bearish, then if there is a high sweep, then a big move will be
found towards the downside.  Whether you have a higher time
frame or a lower time frame.  The
same thing was perfect for you in every scenario.
You have to keep this thing in mind.  If I
scroll down a little bit from this,
our higher high was confirmed.
Before that, if you look at the pullback
,
where is our investment that had happened in it?  At this point the
market partially mitigated it
and after sweeping it the
market went up.  So what happens is that
our week, our shadow, will
work as a PY for us.  At this point
we can mark it as PY.  Ok?
So this zone will act as a demand zone for us
and from here we
can buy and expect the market to move up.
Scroll up a bit.  Will you
notice what has finally happened in the market
?  The market went up and
after going up, a new high was created here.
But no investment was
taken here because the investment was at this
price point.  The market did
not accept this investment and
without taking investment the market went up and what did it do finally
?  Going here, we swept it
which is an indication that
we will see a buying opportunity in the market.  We will
obviously look for buy opportunities.
Why?  Because the momentum of the market
is bullish and the market has
taken the inducement.  But if you look carefully,
this is not an inducement at all.
Why?  Because this candle has
taken the pattern of the previous candle but the actual candle
stick is yours here.  Ok?  So this one is
not important for you.
So the major that you have is at this point.
Why is this?  Because if you notice
again, this bearish candle is
formed between the high and low of this major candle, so it is not going to have any impact on us.
Actually
your investment is at this point.
So it is important for the market to take this investment.  Only then will
our high be confirmed.
But the market went down.
What did the market do after it arrived?  The recent high was
swept away.  Now what will happen when this sweep
happens?  Our
induction will also shift.
Now, shifting from here, our
investment will go to the second point,
this point because this is the first
investment which is necessary to be taken in the market
and when it is taken then our higher high will be
confirmed.  The market
also broke it.  Now after breaking
we need two zones.  The first is
that investment has been taken.  After taking it,
sweep it and then we can buy
it or the second thing is that we tap on Engine Equity
which is extreme and then we
can buy from there.  But what has
happened here, if you notice, the previous
high has been swept as a major high and
whenever a major high sweeps, what happens in it is that
you get to see a pullback for a short term.
As soon as you sweep this,
you can see a short term selling
opportunity here.  Possibly this
entire zone will work as a POY
for you because this candle has
swept the previous high.  Ok?  So
this candle will work as a PY for you.
You can go to the lower time frame and
make a sell entry here.
Secondly, its target is at least at a
little distance from your investment, then you
can target it there.  If it is at par, then
you can break even by reaching there
and you will keep it at the major target which is your engineer
equity because
your trend is bullish and
after that, according to how the price behaves,
we have to enter or buy or
sell.  You just have to identify
your POY in this video.  So that is what I am
explaining to you completely.  All About
DY How can we identify him?
In this case, your most extreme low is
this one because this
will act as your engine equity and just below this is your
order block which is at this point.   The
market respected it but it failed
and failed.  What happened after that
?  The market also broke the major low
and from here our momentum
completely changed and it
converted into our change of character.
So in this way the market
momentum went down and then again
all these things continued.  You just have to keep one thing in
mind that whenever your market
structure is bullish or bearish, before that
you have to mark your higher high, higher low
or lower lower high, whatever your structure
is, identify it and
after identifying it, you will
identify where our investment is,
where our engine equity is,
then wait to see how our investment is behaving
after taking the market, whether it is
sweeping there,
giving candle closure or tapping on PY,
only after that action will be taken there.
You don't have to take anything that is happening in between.
And secondly, when the
price of Indian equity will tap,
we have to apply the same thing there also.  If you have a
negative slip in the market or have
tapped, the order has been blocked or not,
then accordingly we will take entry there,
buy or sell.  And these things are quite
interesting.  It is a very important thing.
And you have to keep this thing in mind.  If you are a
Forex trader, your
swing high and low sessions are also swept in this manner.
They are also traded in the same manner.
Because the
highs and lows of the sessions act as liquidity.  There is a
candle stick of previous stay,
it also works as liquidity.
Whatever point liquidity the market takes will become an
PI for us.  By doing this
you can understand it.  In a simple way, if
I show it as a session, then you
will see that here you will note that this was the entire
Asian session and it swept the Asian session
and after that there was a reversal in the market
and you will see all these things
continuing.  The same thing happened here too.  The
market took the session's low here
and the market reversed from here.
So in the market we just have to identify at
what price point we have to buy and
sell.  All you need to do is simply see
where the liquidity is swept.  Wherever
liquidity has been swept, whether your major
structure is bullish or bearish, its
high low has been swept.  Then we
can identify the PY there.  Or there has been a break in
structure.  But then we will have to
identify it there.  Where is our index
where is engine equity and
tap the price at that price point, after that
we will buy or sell from there.  Secondly,
if the previous day's candle has been high-low
swept, that also
works as a liquidity factor for us.  Because
after it is swept, we enter it.
If I
show you a quick example in the daily time frame,
you will understand it quite clearly.  Whether
you are trading in Nifty, Bank, Nifty, Stock or Crypto, the
same rules will apply at one place.  As you can see,
this candle has swept the high of the previous candle,
so if it sweeps in this manner, then
this candle will
work like demand sorry supply for us.  Edge a PY
will work.  The next candle sweeps it here.
Right?  So this kind of supply will also work for us.
From this point till where the
closing has taken place.
Correct?  So this is how I have swiped it
here.  So in this way we
can also mark as a supply demand.  This
entire portion has been swapped many times.
Whenever the candlestick swaps the
high/low of the previous candle, it will
act as a liquidity indicator.  And what happened here too
?  The previous day's candle was swept
and then the market went down and then the
market continued downfall.  So if you
look from the bottom, the market has done a low
sweep.  Then the market went up.
Swapped again.  Now the market will tap the zone here.
Then from here we expect
that the price will go upwards.  So in this way
you will be able to identify
where your PY is.  The meaning of PY to you is
which is the area where we can
buy or sell.  Order block does
not mean PY.  PY means an
area where we can buy or sell.
A zone that has a liquidity sweep will do
such a POY for us.
You simply have to remember this much.
You don't have to buy or sell before liquidity.
Liquidity will take the market and
from there you will buy or sell.  What are the liquidities
?  I have told you that the
liquidity can be your retailer
liquidity.  The smart
money you have is liquidity.  There is
high and low liquidity on the sessions.  There is
high low liquidity on the previous candle.  Everything
is liquidity.  You just have to
identify it and only then
take the trade.  Majority of you should first do structure
mapping and then
identify your investment.  Engineer
equity identify.  Wait.
How is the price behaving there?  After that
buy and sell from there.  Whatever our entry
model is, Chalk Boss Flip, whatever this entry
model is, we can buy or sell there on its basis.
You just have to keep this in
mind and I will
tell you the complete all award entries in the next part.  Till then,
goodbye and happy trading.
