What I'm about to tell you right now may
 
sound a little strange, but
if you start looking at candlesticks this way,
trust me, the whole game can change.
Now, how is it actually possible? I'll
explain all the concepts behind it and tell you about our
assisting candlesticks, which I've
taught you. First, what I explained to you was that all the
multiple 15, 20,
50 candlestick patterns, all two
candlestick patterns are a waste of time and
effort. They're all made up of three primary candlesticks: the
confusion candle, the dominance
candle, and the rejection candle. You
responded so well to all of them in the video, in the live
class, and in this video, I'll
explain to you
how we can read those three dominance candlesticks more solidly so that the
decisions we make in the live market to
take trades can be better. So, let's
not waste much time. So, let's
start the video. So, now what I  I want you to be careful here. The
candlesticks that
we work on, we
can validate all those candlesticks in a way, because
if you look at the chart,
you will see a dominance candle. A
dominance candle can form in many places in the market.
Now, we can validate where it is actually working
very well and where it is not.
Rejection
candles are formed many times in the market, but the
market traps us most of the times. So,
if it is trapping us, why is it doing so
and
how can we actually validate it? We will understand that. Okay,
now what are we understanding? On what basis is it?
Its simple term is we are going to use
order flow. Now, what is order flow? Let's
break it down first and I am
teaching it to you in very basic language. I am
absolutely basic and as simple as possible,
you all know that I have become
famous for this. Basically, all the difficult  To
teach the concept in easy terms
and the way I explain it,
perhaps no one else can explain it, so that's what
we will try to do, that legacy should continue
and you should actually understand what
order flow is and
what is its main meaning, how to use it,
obviously it is
not possible to sum everything up in one video, but I am going to try
my best so that you can understand,
now understand order flow, it is like
if we break down the word order flow, then
you know what an order order is,
whatever order we place in the market,
sometimes it is for buy, sometimes for sell,
that is what order flow means,
how is it flowing, it is simple, correct,
so if we combine order flow, then
basically we have to understand
how the orders are flowing and the way those orders are flowing, the way they are getting
cleared,
the way they are flowing
in the market, through that we understand a lot
and because of that we  You
can improve your trading. Now understand one more
point. The order flow has to flow, so
how can it flow while flowing?
Now look at it like water. It is water,
you have to swim. How can water be? It is
possible that the water is flowing very slowly and comfortably. It could be
correct. The water is kind of still.
Or it could be that the water is
very fast. All three scenarios can happen.
People who live in the mountains will be able to read it
better. But you got the
point. Either the water is still at
times, or the water is flowing very slowly,
slightly, or the water's
flow is very fast. Now
how can we connect this to the order flow? When we trade
and try to understand the odd
flow, there are three types of primary things.
This is six by the way, but there are three
types of things. Number one is
aggression. Number two is observation. Number three is exhaustion, that is,
tired and completely stagnant. Now let's understand this one by one.
Now when we
read the order flow.  If we try to do this, as
soon as we place an order flow
candle, we
can use a footprint chart or an imbalance.
Both have different use cases.
I'll make separate videos
on both. But right now, our job is to
understand the basic terms of how a candlestick is formed. Don't
worry, how to apply it,
how to place it. I'll explain to you by the end of the
video how to do each setting
so you get the
best possible results. Okay, so stay tuned
until the end. Just understand the point. Let's first have a
dominance candle here. Correct,
how is this dominance candle actually formed?
If you try to understand the basis of the candlestick, which I've
already explained to you, then a
candlestick isn't rocket science. A
candlestick is simply a
way to represent the market price behavior: open, close, high, low.
These are the four things
in a candlestick. So, let's understand price behavior.
Now, for example, we understand that
price  It opened below and closed above, so
looking at the price it is clear
that yes, the market is bullish from here.
Dominance candles are called, we
call them dominance to understand it correctly,
but if we keep looking at the same candle, then
why did that candle form like this, the core
principle behind it is that orders were
cleared there and how were the orders cleared, the
number of buy orders was also high as
compared to the number of sell orders or the
number of buy orders were there, but the sellers themselves were weak,
now the data that we
see in the order flow candle, there are basically two types of
orders in the market, the first one
is limit order, the second one is
market order, now how do I define them, in easy terms I will tell you that the
limit orders are those, I call them
passive buyers or passive sellers, a passive by
passive seller, why because they
placed their order, for example, the rate of Nifty
is 22500, now you
placed your buy order at 2400 and you are like this  You are
sitting, it means the order will be cleared when the market comes down,
you don't have to worry about it, if the market is going up from there, your order is placed and you just relax, then that means it is passive buying, you are
not doing anything, the order is just placed, this is one thing
correct, so where the
limit orders are placed, those are called
passive buyers, at another place I am seeing that the
market is going to rise from here, for
example, this is my analysis, I am
using any concept, I am using XVA root
price action or anything, if I
know that Bank Nifty or Nifty is going to rise
from here, what will I do, I will
immediately place a market order, market order
means enter the quantity, swipe,
order clear, now passive buyers, market
buyers, so after placing the order, we
immediately swipe, we come to the market buyer
category, correct, so the data that we see here is actually of
market buyers and market
sellers, passive.  You will find buyer and passive seller
in the order book.
Whenever you place a trade,
there is a view detail option.
In view detail, you will go to the depth
of the market. There you can see all the passive
buyers and passive sellers. That is why sometimes,
basically, some people trade in such a way that there are a
lot of sell orders
and they plan by giving the number of buyers. That is
not actually real. Sometimes it makes sense, but they are
just passive
buyers or passive sellers. What we should try to
catch is that market person.
Now, for example, whenever a market
order is cleared, it
moves in a cross like this. Suppose
I have a particular stock in the cross, okay. Now
we are going into a little more detail.
I am attaching a screenshot here so that
you will understand how buy and sell orders are
cleared. Now, there is a defined
line in the middle, that is the market line. Below
all the buy orders are placed. Correct for  For example, it is trading at
₹10, and below it, it is trading at
10.5, then at 9, then
at 99.5, and so on. Because the sellers at the top have to
sell their goods at a higher rate, it is trading at 11, then at 12, then at
13, and so on.
Now, as soon as I swipe to buy, the
broker will match my order with whoever has placed a
sell order at that time. So,
basically, I am ready to buy at the market rate,
which means that my order will be
matched with the sell order. Now,
why would I buy when I actually feel
that the market is going to rise from here,
and if multiple people like me keep
placing market orders, then what will happen? The event
will go up if the number of sell orders is less.
Correct? So, in this way, basically, the
term we call it in order of flow is
aggression, that is, who is more aggressive,
or who is actually in control?
Buyers are in control or sellers.  It
is under control, correct. I hope you must have
understood very well how the
market actually moves. So now let's say
this is a dominance candle and this is the
order flow chart. Now, in the order flow chart, the
first thing you can see is whether the
number of buy orders is more or the number of
sell orders is more. After that,
its delta is calculated in the market at the end, it
shows that buy orders also came and sell orders also came in the market. But out of the two, if the sell orders are more than the let, then even after the candle turns green, the delta shows negative.
It means that there were passive buyers there, the buyers
pushed the entire rate up, but the market is
one, the delta of the market
is negative in comparison to the orders. That is one thing, okay.
Now, for example, suppose I
saw a dominance candle and I
saw here that a dominance candle has formed, but the
number of buyers in the dominance candle is very
less and the number of sellers was more.
In that particular dominance candle, I would
avoid taking a trade a little.  The first thing, the second thing is that we can
notice that there is a
dominance candle. Now I need to know
which is the point of control of this particular candle so that I can reduce my stop loss a
little or
plan it better. So basically,
you can see a point of control for every candle.
I will also tell you the settings in the end,
how to mark the center,
how to mark the point of control, everything happens automatically.
Go to charting easily, I mean, I don't know
why it is not so famous among professional traders,
or I also use it, I don't tell you,
but it is hands down, it is the best. I am
not telling you like this, I am telling you on promotional basis, because I use it a lot
to confirm my trades. So, for
example, a very huge candle has formed, but on this
particular area, we can identify
because of the volume that
most of the buying has happened in this particular area.
If it remains in public support or if
we  If we want to plan a sale, we
can plan under this direction. And that is how we can get to know exactly
what the point of control of that candle is.
We also understood two things clearly on the basis of
that order flow. First,
what is the point of control? And second, is the
candle that has formed actually correct
or is it a fake candle? Now, a fake
candle means the candle has closed green. You do
n't know exactly what the delta is.
Okay, let's say the delta is negative, then even a little bit,
I would prefer to stay away from that candle.
I will not plan a long trade at
that place. My sale can be saved. Now, the third
and most important thing is that whenever you assume
you are going to enter on a dominance candle,
okay, the market is falling like this
and when it is falling and
in a falling market, you feel
that the number
of sellers on the candlestick that is being formed is almost decreasing
or is becoming very neutral.
Compared to buyers, now if that price
reaches the support zone and then from there
if we get a strong dominance candle or a
rejection candle with a good buying
in market orders, chances are high that from there the
market will reverse and will give us a
good move. So basically this is not a very new thing
and you cannot depend on it,
but it acts as a very good
confirmation and we actually understand it because a
true candlestick is being formed,
we are sitting like blind
because we can see the candlestick,
we can understand the price, but we do not know
exactly what happened in that price,
how the market orders were cleared, what
process happened, so
we can track all those things. Now
in the last, I will tell you a secret, one of the most
important terms is that
I use this particular thing a lot on one hour.
Now the benefit I get from it is that I get
validation in my swing trades. Secondly, when
I trade in Bank Nifty  When I go to plan a trade,
if I know
exactly what happened in the previous hour, then it becomes a little easier for me to plan for the next
hour or the next minute, that is,
10, 15, or 5 minutes.
For example, if I
know in that minute that candle dominance has formed,
but its delta is like a very huge
difference and it is hugely
negative. And if there is no very strong major
support zone, then what my plan
will be is that if I get a
buying entry in that particular period, then the chances are
high because there is a huge difference between a one-hour candle and a
5-minute or 3-minute candle. So, when
things are not colliding, I will simply try to avoid it.
So, basically, this is
how you can understand. Now, I hope
you have understood this in basic terms. Will you
practice it a little more? How will you practice? You have
opened a candle dominance candle and
you have opened an order flow as well.
Try to understand both of these, basically they are
formed together and you understand that  What happened
between the buyer and the seller in that particular candle?
Is one more aggressive or is one a little weak?
And based on that, you can get a lot of things to know about.
And that shapes our
trading process. So, this is one
tool that I use a lot. I hope you
enjoyed it. Now, let's go to the screen and
understand how to plot it and what are
some of its good settings. I'm going to
tell you everything that I use
personally, and it helps me a lot. So,
let's go to the screen.
[Music]
