I remember sitting in front of the
 
charts [music] analysis done, knowing
exactly where the market was headed and
still having no idea how I was going to
get in. That feeling of just lost,
nervous, second-guessing every move even
after you've done the work. I know it
and if you're watching this, I'm willing
to bet that you know it, too. Most
traders can read the chart and
understand who is in control, buyers,
sellers on the higher time frame, but
here's what separates profitable traders
from the rest. Profitable traders
actually know how to engage the market
when that moment comes. Without a clear
execution process, your analysis is
worth Ladies and gentlemen, I have been
in the trenches, I figured this out and
this right here is my highest win rate
strategy, accumulation and distribution.
Not because it is magic or because it's
the holy grail, because [music] it's a
step-by-step
execution framework that takes
everything [music] your analysis is
telling you and turns it into a real,
precise, confident trade. In this video,
I'm breaking down the four stages of
accumulation and distribution so you can
stop feeling lost in the moments that
matter most and start executing with
confidence and precision. Let's waste no
time and let's jump straight in. So,
when you're coming into the chart, for
the sake of context, it's really
important [music] to address the simple
fact that most traders who come into the
market, they think that the strategy is
the most important thing. Your strategy
is not the most important thing, it is
higher time frame perspective. Higher
time frame and knowing who's in control
and more importantly, knowing where the
market is reaching for, that is what
matters the most [music] and your
strategy is what is going to allow you
to take advantage of what you see on the
higher time frame. And this is crucial
for any single strategy because a lot of
traders I see mistakes, they put so much
emphasis on the strategy, blah blah
blah, and then they lose sight of higher
time frame because if you're executing
the best strategy, the best setup with
that is and it's not in line with the
higher time frame, you put yourself at a
low probability. So, what we're going to
be doing here with accumulation and
distribution, it is extremely important
that we start off on the higher time
[music] frame. You always want to gauge,
okay, where is the market going for? In
this case, we're taking a look at gold,
we are on the daily time frame. We're
going to be executing on the 1-minute or
on the 5-minute time frame, but we still
don't want to lose sight of the larger,
the big picture, the Godfather, as I
like to call it, time frame, which is
the daily, which is the weekly and the
4-hour also can play role. So, right now
taking a look at this chart, we're going
to set our markup, we can see that the
market has pretty much set this low.
Let's go over here to kind of keep
things a bit nice [music] and clean. So,
we can see here price from an objective
standpoint has taken out [music] this
low. Technically speaking, sellers have
been quite dominant, but [music] here is
the key thing. When sellers take out a
major low, they give buyers the ability
to come back in and right here, this is
a major low and every time we've seen
[music] a major low taken out and a huge
wick, price has gone up significantly.
So, right now with gold, we're seeing
that possibility, huge wick to the
downside, price is now making a little
bit of that lower high and this right
here would also be classified [music] as
a higher low. So, there's a possibility
that buyers are going to be coming into
the market and when buyers come into the
market, they target the highs. So, the
highs are being targeted right now,
which means that, okay, buyers have a
bit of momentum. So, if we're going over
to the 4-hour time frame, we want
[music] to keep that in mind and as we
scale down to a lower time frame, that's
something we're going to be paying close
attention to. So, on the 4-hour time
frame, we can see things a bit more, we
can see price making [music] higher
highs, higher lows, higher highs and
higher lows. So, this is not a time
frame where we want to go against the
trend [music] as of right now, buyers
are the dominant force, they have the
momentum and they have the market
[music] structure. So, our job as a
retail trader right now is to go [music]
with that. We want to map out, okay, you
know what? If the market continues to
move up, where are some of the key
levels that it [music] can possibly
reach for? We know that this right here
can be one of them and we know that this
small minor high right there can also be
one of them. We can scale down to the
hourly time frame [music] and see things
a bit more clearly. Okay, so hourly time
frame, we can see huge candlesticks to
the upside, but [music] we can see price
making clear higher highs, higher lows
and then higher high. So, based off of
this fact alone, we can say [music]
buyers are currently in control, so we
would like to engage the market and this
is where your strategy comes into play
[music] and the strategy that we're
going to be utilizing today is the
accumulation and distribution strategy.
Now,
>> [music]
>> with this particular strategy, the
reason why it is called accumulation is
because when liquidity comes into
[music] the market, it comes in the form
of money. So, money turns into liquidity
in the market [music]
and then a lot of the time, accumulation
is a classic consolidation. [music] So,
you're going to see often time price
making lower lows and lower highs nicely
trending, but a lot of the time you're
going to see price doing
>> this, making sideways movement. And this
is where a lot of traders tend [music]
to give up your profit because they
decide to play within the range, as I
like to call it, or when I was learning
about this [music] type of market and
how to engage it, I was told that, okay,
you know what? You simply either buy
right here or
uh you you sell right here, you buy
right here, sell high and buy low type
of market. But the problem is you never
know when the market is going to break
out to the downside or break to the
upside. But the most important thing
about this type of market, which is a
sideways market, isn't a low liquidity
market. Sometimes you can see this
market during times where the session is
slowing down, maybe you're transitioning
from sessions, but sometimes you're
going to come into the market and you're
going to see the market moving sideways.
It's because orders are coming into the
market and those orders are being
accumulated, right? Buyers are placing
their orders, sellers are placing their
orders and price right now is collecting
all these orders and waiting [music] to
distribute them at the right time and
that is how it got the name accumulation
because that is at the core, that's
actually what is happening. Orders are
being accumulated, buyers and sellers,
and then once there's enough orders and
the timing is right, price is going to
push this to its desired and engineered
direction. So, wanted to get that nice
and clear. So, this is actually the
first [music] stage of the accumulation
and then the second stage is the first
distribution, which we are going to be
mapping [music] out. So, right here,
we're going to clear this up. Now, we're
going to go find the accumulation. So,
what we've seen so far is we have seen
that buyers are in control. So, what we
want to do is we want to be a buyer.
[music] Now, as we scale down to our
execution time frame and in this case,
this could be the 1-minute, this could
be 5-minute, right here, we are going to
utilize the 5-minute. So, what do we see
here? We see the clear movement, price
is making that push to the upside and
right now the market has spent some time
[music] making a sideways push, just
moving sideways. And the best way to
know, is this an accumulation, is if you
can put a box right at it and it fits
perfectly. So, if you that tells you the
market doesn't exactly have any
direction right now. So, we can see that
buyers made that first push, but right
now we are in the accumulation zone.
Orders are being accumulated. The best
course of action right now is not to
engage while the market is in this zone
because anything can happen. We can get
sellers dominate, we can get buyers
dominate. This is where we have our
first stage. So, the first stage, we're
going to call this accumulation
>> zone, right? So, being able to spot the
first stage is going to be crucial. Now,
this is the first stage accumulation
zone and I usually like to map it from
the highest point, I factor the wicks as
well, not just the body because
sometimes [music]
if price doesn't break above the wick,
you can get a fake out situation where
maybe price closes right here and then
continues to go all the way back down.
So, I usually just like to put it at the
highest [music] wick, especially if it
failed to close past the previous
levels. So, now we've mapped out our
accumulation zone, the second stage is
called first [music] distribution. All
these orders that came into the market
right now are waiting to distribute.
Now, in trading, there's always going to
be someone that needs to get fed [music]
and the market is always aware of that.
So, it's always going to give you the
ability to anticipate, [music]
not to predict, but to anticipate where
price is heading to next because
otherwise, if you don't know, how are
you going to put your [music] money in
line? So, based on these orders that are
coming into the market right now, the
first distribution is a candle that
closes above these accumulation zone or
below this accumulation zone. And in
this case, let's see what the market
decides to do. Okay, so, clean. [music]
So, right here, we see a huge push to
the upside, right there. We have the
market closed above [music] here. So,
this right here is going to be the first
distribution. This is what tells us,
okay, buyers are in control, but the
most important thing is not to panic or
feel like, oh my god, I've missed the
move. This right here has just told you
that all these orders that were
accumulated here are now being
distributed to the upside. So, this
right here we call first distribution or
sometimes I would [music] call it first
distro. So, this is stage two of the
accumulation [music] zone. First
distribution. So, that right there is
stage [music] two. This is what tells
you, okay, all these orders, boom, price
is [music] likely moving low um higher.
A lot of the case, the first
distribution, all you need is one
candlestick close. Sometimes, you're
going to get multiple candles that
closes [music] above this level. Now,
the second stage is waiting for the
retest back into the zone. [music] And
that's where we want to wait for that
bearish momentum to come into the
market. So, we know that we set some key
levels right here that price now is now
taken out. So, if we are going to take
advantage of this particular move, we
need to be [music] aware of that. So,
right now, the market has reached for
its some highs, grabbed that liquidity.
So, now we know, okay, right, if the
market is going to continue to run,
we're either going to see price reach
for this [music] level, and maybe we can
look at the next highs to the left and
see what the market is likely reaching
for. So, [music]
we have some other key levels, I would
say, right here. We have some levels
right here as well. We're just going to
leave We're just going to leave it that
way. So, going over to the third stage,
the third stage is the retest. And that
is where you calmly wait. You don't
panic that, oh my god, buyers are not
coming into the market. I have missed
the boat. You simply wait [music]
patiently, calmly, for the market to
give you an opportunity to get involved
[music]
move, right? And you can see, hey, you
know what, price is moving. Price is
moving, but right here, now you're
seeing the market give you that
possible, beautiful retest. So, this
right here for me is a clean, clear
opportunity. You want to wait for that
retest, [music] and then you want to see
that momentum to start to fade. And once
that momentum starts to fade from the
seller side,
>> and you see buyers coming in clearly,
boom. If you want more precise movement,
you can always [music] utilize the the
one-minute time frame to be able to time
the market a bit more. Right now, we're
on the five-minute time frame. So, for
me right here, this is going to be
called This is stage three, retest.
[music] So, this is the retest, and now
we've seen price tap into the zone
perfectly with a bearish candle, and now
we've seen the bullish momentum come in.
So, personally here, you can say, okay,
you know what, you're going to go long,
look to see if you can place your stop
loss ideally at the low, depending on
the pair that you're trading, or, you
know, you can place it just at a level
where you're a bit more comfortable if
price pulls back. So, [music] in this
case, we're going to leave it right
here, and see how well the market is
willing to move. Maybe we set a, you
know, one and three risk-to-reward
ratio, and see what price is willing to
do. So, right there, we see the [music]
market come back a bit more, and then
finally push to the upside. So, and then
it probably continued [music] running.
Let's take a look right here. So, so you
can see how much the market ran. So,
this is the final [music] stage of the
accumulation distribution, and this
entire move right here is called for
main distribution. And this is a
strategy that, honestly, I use like
twice a week, three times a [music]
week. It It appears a lot, especially
with gold. It's not just limited to
gold. You can see it on multiple
different markets. [music] Okay. So,
let's take a look quickly at another
pair. So, taking a look at NQ right now,
you can also see the same thing. We have
[music] an accumulation zone right here,
and then we've seen the market trade out
of this zone. You always want to start
off on the larger time frame. Right now,
we're on the 15-minute time frame, which
is where we can, you know, execute from.
[music] You can see this setup all over,
right? It's on the hourly, it's on the
15, [music] it's on the five-minute,
it's even on the daily time frame. So,
it's going to be everywhere. And right
here, we have price making low lows and
lower highs. So, we know that even on
the lower time frame, sellers are
currently in control. So, that's where
we want to focus our overall trade, and
that's important. The next important
thing is timing,
>> right? Making sure that you're taking
this during a kill zone, a New York kill
zone, a London kill zone, or an Asian
kill zone. And what that means, those
are the three-hour window where price is
actually going to be moving. So, New
York session, you know, anywhere between
7:00 to 10:00, 11:00 a.m. Those are the
time where you want to be looking for
high-probability setups. And right now,
we have the accumulation zone here. We
have the candle that broke out of this
zone, and then now we have the retest
right here. So, right now, it's
currently about 6:00 a.m.,
>> and let's see here. And okay, so right
now, we're going into that 7:00 a.m.,
which is the New York session. So, we
can likely start to see some movement,
and this is where you see, even right
here could give you a nice, clean
execution where you look to see if the
market is willing to continue a move to
the downside. You can target the low, or
you can target some previous lows right
here, and go from there. Let's see right
there. So, right here. So, now we're in
the trade. We got the retest. [music]
We got the first distribution, the
accumulation zone, and now we're looking
for the main distribution, and
beautiful. So, just like that, pretty
much no drawdown on the trade. Price
hits [music]
that area that we had mapped out for our
target, and then, you know, we got that
[music] pullback, and that's pretty much
what you want to do. So, this is even
NQ. You can take it into any market that
you want, and it's going to show up the
same way. This is a systematic way, a
step-by-step approach. So, going over to
our final example here, this is gold on
the five-minute time frame. Once again,
you always want to make sure that you're
doing your technical breakdown on the
larger time frame. And this right here,
on the five-minute execution, this is
actually a trade that I executed live
with my community today. And we came
into the market, and boom, this was
right there. One of the main things that
I talked about earlier in the first
example, is I like to just put my line,
even though this is the clear zone, I
like to just make sure that the first
distribution is legit. So, this [music]
technically would have been the first
distribution, but while the market is
still here, it's a little bit tricky.
So, I like to extend it a little bit to
the highest levels, the wick and the
wick, and [music] then just pay close
attention. So, I know that right here,
this is more conservative. Boom, this is
the first distribution in this case. So,
right here, this is going to be
classified as accumulation zone, and
then we can go over here, and we can
call this our first distribution. Let's
take a look, put a callout. So, this
right here, stage two, first distro. So,
this is the first distribution, which
lets us know that price is looking to
break lower. And then now, what we're
looking for is to see if the market is
willing to continue a move to the
downside. And here, we're looking for
that retest. So, if we go over here to,
let's just say, the one-minute, ideally,
for me, what I'll be looking for is
seeing if the market is willing to trade
up into this range. So, right here on
the one-minute, we can see things a bit
more. Okay, so right there, we're seeing
the market give a nice, strong push. So,
here, personally for me, this is exactly
what I'm looking for. I'm going to
classify this as a retest. So, this is
the first time price has hit this level,
and then I'm going to look for a
possible entry opportunity. This is the
one that I actually took in the
community. Let's see here. So, take it
short, and stop loss can be [music]
placed above this high right here, or,
you know, relatively here, and see if
the market is willing to run. And in
this particular case here, let's go over
here. So, price ended up dropping a bit,
and this right here is where you decide,
okay, do I want to take something off
the table? And over in the live stream,
I took something off the table, about 70
pips. The market did end up trading back
higher, and giving a more of a deeper
pullback before continuing a move to the
downside, but we made some profit. So,
over here, so this is what ended up
happening with this particular setup
here. We ended up seeing price trading a
bit deeper into the accumulation zone.
On the five-minute, this was the retest,
and then we started to see that melting
pot, and this is exactly [music] what it
is. So, while price is in the
accumulation zone, it's really important
that you pay close attention, because
you're always, often, at least 80% of
the time, going to see that main
distribution take place. And this right
here, the main distribution, is always
lower than the first distribution. And
this is exactly how you want to do this.
So, the biggest thing right now is
collecting samples. If you want to learn
this strategy, and you want to take it
to the next level, be sure to collect
some samples, and see it. Mastery is
built through repetition, repetition,
and more repetition. Let's go over to
the live stream, so you can watch the
real execution in real time. So, first
distro, and then now we're looking at
the retest. So, what I'm going to do is
I'm going to pull up my account here,
and look for and just set myself up, so
that I can start to execute when the
market when price gets here. Okay.
>> [clears throat]
>> So, right now, the market is moving very
close to where we wanted to. We have
this bullish momentum in coming in on
the five-minute time frame, but we're
seeing price trade back. We can even
say, okay, you know what, let's say we
set price all the way back here. That
might be a an area where the market is
going to look to bounce off of, but this
right here still counts as the
accumulation. I think this candle could
probably be good for a sell. And uh
we're seeing this rejection here. I
think I would have gone in right there
on a sell-off. Let's see what happens.
If the market decides to get that
tricky, then I haven't gone in on the
sell yet. I'm just going to wait. Let me
see in terms of my overall. Yeah.
Okay. So, in on the sell, let's see what
happens. This is the market making
higher highs and higher lows, but right
now, this is the first execution. If the
market pulls back into this range, then
that's going to be something that I'll
look to leverage. But, right now, I'll
probably say stop loss is going to be
placed more towards this level right
there. So, now let's see if the market
So, this is classic A&D, and
[clears throat]
let's see what the market decides to do
here. I'm going to pull my stop loss.
Right now, we are in, and let's see what
the market decides to do here. Right
there, we're seeing the market make a
move. I want to take something off the
table. So, right now, we're up around
57, 56 [music] pip, give or take 60 pip.
Taking something off load about half my
position here. I'll leave something
here. If the market continues to run,
great. If it doesn't, then it doesn't
today. But, based on what we have here,
I just want to take [music] something
really quickly and move my stop loss and
protect my capital. Just in case the
market [music] decides to turn around
and by the looks of it, it's doing just
that. I didn't move it exactly to break
even just yet. Maybe I should, but just
in case the market wants to Just so
there's enough room to breathe. I'm just
placing it right at the high of this
candle right there. So, took something
off the table, and I knew that, you
know, if the market wants to pull back,
this is going to be that level. Let's
see on [music] the right there. So,
Jesus Christ, do you see that? All
right. So, it seems like, you know,
we've been We got taken out there. We
only had the opportunity. Price gave us
60 pip, and then so far, it's not
running, and
the market might want to change its
mind, and we're seeing that heavy
momentum. So, And that's the video,
ladies and gentlemen. Accumulation and
distribution, four stages, [music]
one framework. And the reason why it's
my highest win rate strategy is not
because it's luck, but it's because it
connects everything together. [music]
Your analysis, your timing, your
execution, it closes the gap between
knowing and doing. If you felt lost
coming into the market before watching
this, I want you to go back to the
charts right now and find these setups.
Collect more samples. The more samples
you collect, the better mastery is built
through repetition. And at [music] this
stage, it's less about you saying, "Hey,
Emmanuel showed me this strategy." and
more about you going in to the market
and actually seeing the strategy for
yourself, because that's how you
actually believe in it. I've just showed
you. I've collected hundreds. At this
point in time, I would say thousands of
samples. I am confident. I've been using
it for the last couple of years. It
works. [music] It makes me money, and
it's made a lot of other traders the
same. So, ladies and gentlemen, if you
want to take your trading to the next
level,
that's a framework that you can
definitely utilize. If you enjoyed this
video, drop a like and a comment down
below in terms of your major takeaway,
and I look forward to seeing you in the
next video. If you want to take your
trading to the next level as well, be
sure to click that link below, and I
look forward to working with you. Let's
get it. Hope you're out there learning
straight.
