I've been trading for 16 years, and I'm
 
not exaggerating when I tell you this is
the one scalping strategy that I'll be
trading for the rest of my life. For the
past month, I've live traded this
strategy on stream in front of thousands
of traders each day, winning 21 and
losing four trades for an 84% win rate,
trading 2 to three hours per day live on
stream. And every one of those trades
was discussed on stream. you can go back
and verify it for yourself. There's no
embellishment here at all. As for the
community, I've been getting a ton of
DMs from traders having success using
ideas from my scalping strategy to help
them pass their funded challenges and
grow their trading accounts. Now, that
doesn't mean this will work for you. I
am not guaranteeing or promising
anything. Trading is difficult and most
traders lose money. All I can hope is
that from this video, you can pick up
one thing that you can add to your
trading plan that makes your life a
little bit easier as I go through every
single trade. So, let me show you how to
start using my scalping strategy with
three simple steps. Just smash the like
button, subscribe to the channel, and
let's pop up the charts. This scalping
strategy all starts with one candle.
It's the 15minute candle at 9:30 a.m.
Eastern. It's the New York Stock
Exchange Open. So, come into Trading
View and let's set up our orb, our open
range breakout. On the bottom right
here, just click where it says UTC
minus4 New York. At the top left, click
M15, the M15 time frame. Then you will
see if you need to figure out when that
time is, just come to Google, say 9:30
a.m. Eastern to let's say India. That's
going to give us the India time. Let's
change that to California. That's going
to give you the California time. But as
long as you have UTC minus 4 right here,
you're going to have the right time,
which is 9:30. So then the candle starts
on the 15minute time frame. We watch the
candle go up. We watch the candle go
down. And at the end of that 15 minutes,
our range is set for the trading day.
And this is what we're going to be using
all day. Step one is complete. We looked
at that 15-minute candle. Step two,
we're going to mark up the open range.
So, just draw a line from the top wick
across like this. Draw a line from the
bottom wick across right here. And that
gives us the range low and the range
high. Now, it's step three. We're just
coming to the M5 time frame and we're
waiting for a break and close above or
below the range. So, I'm setting M5 time
frame at the top left. You can see we
already have a couple of candles here.
We are simply waiting for one of these
candles to come below or come above and
close. That's going to give us our
direction. So, let's go ahead and watch
that play out as we can see the candles
pushing. And you can see right there, we
get the candle close. You can see this
candle right here just closed above the
range high telling us we want to buy
today. Now, let's move into phase two.
Next thing I'm doing here is I'm looking
at my levels. So, for step one, I'm
setting up my support, my resistance.
I'm generally doing this on the M5,
although a lot of traders in my
community also look at the M15 and the
H1. You could do whatever you like. So,
we're looking at the same chart here.
Let's scroll back, scroll out, take a
look at this chart and see what we are
looking at right here. So, first you can
see I have a strong level of support
right here and then a strong level of
resistance up here. This is now my macro
trading range. This is resistance at the
top because price is pushing down off
that level. Price is pushing down off
that level. And this is my support at
the bottom here because price is pushing
up off of this level. So that's it. Step
one is done. I set up my support and
resistance. Now it's time for step two.
It's time to analyze the range distance.
And we can use the Fibonacci for that.
So it's pretty clear if price is at the
top right here, we want to be selling.
If price is at the bottom right here, we
want to be buying. Most people don't
realize, but the price actually trades
within a range 70 to 80% of the time and
trends very little. So, if we take the
Fibonacci and we just measure it from
one zone to the other zone right here,
you can see that any price below 50%
here is a discount, which is just a
roundabout way of telling you that you
want to be buying here. If we're looking
to get into a trade from this area right
here, the distance to the top of the
range and the distance to the bottom of
the range help me determine whether I
should buy or sell. If I'm looking to
get into a trade and it's in the middle
of the range here, often I won't even
take the trading position. But if I have
my orb at the top, I'm going to be
looking to sell. If I have my orb at the
bottom, like it is right here, I'm going
to be looking to buy. Very simple. I
guess I covered step three already,
which is just making sure that you're
buying from support and you're selling
from resistance. You want to sell from
your resistance and you want to buy from
your support. Phase three, we're looking
at trend lines. Step one, we just want
to draw any trend lines. Now, if your
trend line is bad or you don't have a
trend line, that's absolutely fine. On
this trade that I did on live stream,
the trend line was kind of crappy. So, I
wouldn't rely on it completely. But you
can see I got touches in here, touches
with a little bit of a break here,
touches here, touches here. So, I would
say this is still a valid trend line.
And all this is doing is helping us
determine that trend direction. So, we
set up the trend line. Then, step two,
we're just waiting for price to break
the trend line. So, you can see we have
our trend line right here. This candle
right there breaks through and closes on
the other side of the trend line just
giving us another confluence that we
want to buy. And for step three, there
is potential to use the trend line
retest as an entry. So in this case,
maybe you would wait for price to come
all the way back down to this trend
line. In this case, it really isn't
there. But let's say the trend line was
something like this. Then maybe you
would wait for a pullback to enter a
trade on the trend line right there. I
will show you tons of examples in the
stream where I use trend line entries
and many other entries. So, let's get
into phase four. All right, so now we're
on to phase four entries. And there's
only one more phase after this. This is
important stuff. Step one, we have to
pick the right discretionary entry. Now,
to keep you on track, I'm going to do
something I do on stream right now. I'm
going to show you the entire model
really, really quickly. Okay, at 9:30
a.m., you can see we have this candle.
It pushes up, it pushes down, and then
it closes. Right here we have the candle
high, the candle low. That creates our
range top, our range bottom. We do that
on the M15 time frame. Then we come to
the M5 time frame. You can see we're
just monitoring these candles on the M5
time frame. We're waiting for a candle
to break and close above or below that
range. Okay? If it closes above like it
did right here, we're looking to buy
ideally with the overall trend
direction, but that's not incredibly
important. Then we're coming to where we
are right now, our discretionary entry.
We had the candle close, right? We could
enter right there at the closed candle.
We could enter at the retest of the top
of the range. Maybe there's a fair value
gap. We could enter on a range midline.
Maybe there's a demand zone, a support
level. You could enter at the bottom.
Maybe there's an EMA you enter. Maybe
there's a trend line you wait to get
retested and you enter. Those are all of
our options, but you got to pick the
right one. So, here we are back on that
chart. Candle closed above right here.
We're trading from our support level.
We're definitely looking for buys. We
broke through our trend line already.
Where are we entering a trade? Well, I
always look for a pullback, right? So, I
want to have a pullback somewhere into
my zone. Maybe it's the bottom, maybe
it's the middle of the zone, but we need
to have a reason. On this trade, I used
a fair value gap entry. You can see
right here, there is a fair value gap.
That is a three candle pattern. You can
see this candle right here stops right
here. This candle right here, stops
right here, leaving this whole area
right here as unmitigated price, which
acts as a magnet to suck the price down
and then react off of. Now, obviously,
I'm going to show you a ton of trade
examples from my streams later in the
video to show you every single entry
possible. All right, so now we did step
one. We have our entry on the fair value
gap. Step two is checking your broker
spread. What I want you to do is come
into your MetaTrader account or whatever
platform you trade in. In MetaTrader,
just rightclick here and make sure that
that spread right there is ticked. The
general rule I use when I'm trading my
strategy is I want the number in this
column right here to be below 10. If
it's above 10, it's above one pip and
I'm going to get bad conditions. What
that means is if I'm entering the trade
right here and let's say down here is 5
pip stop loss, they're actually going to
get me into the trade right here because
of that spread. So make sure you're
trading tight spreads only. So on our
pair right here, GBPUSD, our spread
right now is just four points. That's
below a pip. So that's good. And if you
want to have good spreads, you need to
have a good broker. The broker that I
use is FinTur. The link to that broker
is in the video description. The spreads
are low, the commissions are low. It's
just a great broker on MetaTrader. So if
you're looking for a place to trade,
join FinTur today. Now, let's get into
the last step right here, which is
setting the limit order. So, in Trading
View right here, you could see I have my
limit order at this level right here. If
you follow that across over here, that
level is 135302.
So, I would come into MetaTrader. I
would click new order. I would set my
symbol to the symbol I want to trade,
which is Great Britain pound US dollar.
I'd set my volume to 01 for a small
trade. And I would come to pending order
to set my buy limit order. and it was
1.35302.
And then I would simply click place.
Then my limit order is set and I'm just
waiting for the price to come back down,
pull back and tap that level and enter
my trading position. I always want to
wait for that pullback because I always
want to get a discounted price when I'm
scalping. Waiting for that price
exhaustion. Right? If we look at this
right here, the price is exhausted. The
price has been coming down for so long,
it's exhausted. There's not enough
sellers to keep pushing that price down.
So, it's perfect for us to get in here
for a buy trade. We're in our final
phase here. Phase five, we are managing
a trade. Step one, we want to set the
takerit one and the stop loss. So, let's
start with our stop loss. As the price
comes down here, it knocks us out of the
trade. How far do we want to put this
stop loss? We can put it below the wick
over here. You can see this wick. We can
put it below that. We could put it below
the trend line as protection or you
could put it below the level of support.
On this trade, I had it around here
below the wick. That's what interested
me most to give me a higher riskreward
ratio. But on stream, I'll frequently
start with it down here and then adjust
it as the trade is active. That's all
part of trade management. Then we have
to set our takerit one. It's not all the
way up here. My take-profit one is
generally somewhere around the top of
the range. The reason for that is
because price will frequently trade
within this range throughout the day
before we finally get that breakout. So,
as I play this out right here, you can
see I can quickly solidify my
take-profit one, and then I'm on to step
two, taking that partial profit and
setting break even. So, we hit our
take-profit one, then I pull the
stop-loss up to break even. So, now it's
a risk-free trade and we have our
partial profit. Now, come quickly with
me here into MetaTrader 4. I'm going to
show you how to take a TP1, a partial
profit. Just come down to your open
order, right click on that, click modify
or delete order. We're going to change
the type to market execution. We're
going to change the volume to half.
Right, I opened a 02. I'm going to
change this to 0.01.
And then I'm going to close half of that
position. Now half of the position is
open. And you can see here I just took a
profit of 3 cents at my hypothetical
take-profit one. Now the third step is
only figuring out where to set our
takerit to. Right, we still have half of
this position open. Where do we want to
go? Do we want to take this thing all
the way up to resistance? That's an
option. But on this trade, I targeted a
fair value gap. Let's take a look at
this candle right here. Huge fair value
gap right there. So, I decided to target
within that fair value gap. Just like
that. And you can see live on stream,
this trade shot all the way up,
eventually smashing my takerit two after
smashing my takerit one. And that's my
complete scalping strategy process. Now,
in order for you to really understand
the discretionary aspects of this, you
have to watch my live streams. And now,
I'm going to show you a bunch of trades
from those live streams to really drill
this down and hopefully get you where
you're trying to go. It's time to go
through some of the live trade examples.
I already showed you this win right
here. Now, let's go back to the first
trade I ever took on stream right here.
It was this Euro US dollar short. So
before I get into this trade, I want to
bring your attention over to my market
watch. You could see I trade this
strategy on gold, NASDAQ, US30, and then
all of these forex pairs right here.
Pretty much anything with a low spread,
I'm going to trade it. I just want the
best trading opportunities. So let's go
through our steps right here. You can
see we're on the five minute time frame.
We've got a pretty clear level of
resistance at the top. We've got our
support level at the bottom right here.
That's pretty clear as well. Maybe had a
bit of liquidity taken right there. Next
thing I want you to do is come up to
indicators right here. Just type opening
range. You can install this indicator
right here. And that's this indicator at
the top right there. If I click on
settings, these are the settings that I
use. Very simple. You want that time
period at 15 minutes. You want UTC minus
4. You want 9:30 to 9:45. This is just
going to draw that orb for you. So you
don't have to mark up the top and mark
up the bottom yourself. So we're on the
5minut time frame. And what are we
waiting for? We're waiting for price to
come and break out of our zone. That's
exactly what we get. We get the break
and the close beneath our range low.
That tells us we want to sell. We also
have price at our resistance right here
telling us that we want to sell and
we're high right and the distance
between there and here is quite low. So
that's telling us this is a good sell
opportunity. Then we have to figure out
our entry. For this entry I used a level
of supply. This was a supply zone that I
drew on the 15minute time frame. So as
you know I'm always waiting for
pullbacks. I want price to pull back to
my level of supply. That also happened
to coincide with our range midline,
which is another place that I like to
enter a trade. So that's exactly what I
did. I waited for price to come back and
then it tapped in and then it hit my
first takeprofit on the first 5-minute
candle. So this candle shot down. It hit
my takerit. It hit my first takeprofit
around here. I did that partial exit and
then I dragged my second take-profit to
fill this fair value gap we had right
there. At this point, my stops were set
to break even. And then the rest of the
trade played out, smashing my takerit
right at the bottom right here live on
stream. It was a fantastic trade. This
trade could have gotten better. If you
take a look at this one right here, it
came all the way down right here. The
good thing is if you're watching a lot
of my trades, you'll notice that I'm
almost always getting the direction
right, which makes me feel really
confident about the scalping trading
strategy. Now, let's jump into another
trade. All right, so I've shown you two
wins. Now, let me show you a loss so you
understand what not to do. Let me
explain what I was looking at on this
trade right here. You could see we had
the top of our range right here, the
bottom of the range. Price broke out of
the top of the range right here. And
then I waited for a pullback to enter at
this level of demand, which looked
really, really good. But no trading or
scalping strategy is perfect. You are
going to learn. You are going to lose
trades. That's just a part of trading.
Now, I made a pretty obvious mistake
here. Look, price was exhausted. Price
was moving up for so long and I didn't
draw my trend line. If I drew my trend
line right here, look at this trend
line. We're getting multiple touches of
that trend line, making it valid. We
then broke through the trend line and
then retested the trend line and then
shot down. If I drew that trend line, I
could have avoided this loss. And I also
entered on a big red candle, which
you'll notice if you watch my streams, I
barely do. Now, if we have huge candles
like this coming down, I don't really
like to enter. I want to see some sort
of positive momentum on the 5-minut time
frame. A couple of green candles here
before I enter the trade. Now, that's
not always the case, but that's
something I am adding. Let's get into
some more wins. So, after that loss, I
came back the next day with two straight
awesome wins. Let me show you one of
those. All right, so this was a Euro US
dollar buy trade. You can see we have
our range high right here, our range low
right here, that 930. We had the candle
close above. We're looking for buys. And
then I'm looking at my support and
resistance. You can see we have some
resistance at the top right here. Let's
scroll out a little bit. You could see
that is a pretty good resistance level
right there. Had a bit of a minor
resistance level right here as well that
we could look after. And then in terms
of support, if we scroll all the way
over here, you can see I had these wicks
on this level right here. And they
happen to coincide with this level right
there. So, this is pretty much what I
was looking at on this chart. You can
see we're at that level of support,
which is where we want to be buying
from. And then, what did I do last
trade? I forgot to use the trend line.
So, on this one, I wasn't going to make
the same mistake. I looked at my trade
from the day before. That's what I knew
that I missed. And this was the trend
line that I drew. Just like that. You
can see we came out the top a little
bit, but this was respected as far as
I'm concerned. We had so many touches on
that trend line and then we had that
explosive breakout that broke out of the
trend line and it also broke out of our
orb right there which is perfect. That's
exactly what we want to see. So what I
did is I set my limit order right here.
Why? Well, there's a few reasons. We had
a level of minor minor minor minor
support right there. Why? You can see
this level was used as support right
here, respected as resistance right
here. So that was a decent level for us
to enter. But we also had the trend
line. So we're stacking the confluences.
We're entering at the trend line at the
minor support. That's where I put my
limit order right there. And then if you
play this sucker out, you can see I
tapped in. It was a sniper entry. Price
pushed up and I smashed my takerit. Now,
why did I target this level right there?
I targeted that level because I had the
EMA on the chart. Let's go ahead and
take a look at my EMA settings. Just
click on this right here. EMA length
200, source close, no smoothing, length
142. You can do this yourself. And this
is something I will often use to exit
trades at. That's why I had my
take-profit there. As for my stop loss,
I had it right below the range low right
there. And as for my first take-profit,
I believe I took my first take-profit
somewhere around here. took that partial
and then we continued on to get the
takerit, too. All right, don't go
anywhere. I've got more trades to show
you. You have to watch them all. I
promise it's worth it. All right, this
is the last trade I'm going to show you.
It was the best one that I had on
stream, and I'm going to walk you
through this one phase by phase one last
time. We've got the one candle, right?
15-minute candle, 9:30 a.m. Eastern to
New York Stock Exchange open. You can
see there's the 15-minute candle. I've
already marked the top. I've already
marked the bottom. That was the second
step. Mark up the opening range. Then we
set that time frame to 5 minutes and
we're waiting for the price to break out
the top or the bottom to give us that
trend direction. You can see we broke
out the bottom right there. That candle
closed. We're looking for sells. Next
step, we're looking for support and
resistance. All right. All we really
have for support is this level right
down there. And for resistance, we're
really pretty much at about this level
right here. So then those next steps, we
want to analyze that range distance and
then we want to buy from support, sell
from resistance. Let's look at those.
Well, the range distance is on our side.
Look, we're entering the trade around
here. There's definitely more room to
the downside than there is the upside.
And we are at that resistance level
right there. So, we are selling from
resistance. Phase three, we want to take
a look at our trend lines. We want to
draw any trend lines. We want to wait
for price to break the trend line. And
we could potentially use that as an
entry as well. So, you can see I already
drew my trend line right here. 1 2 3 4
five touches and a break. That's telling
us we're going down. You can see I
already drew my trend line right there.
1 2 3 four touches right there and a
solid break. That's telling us we're
going to the downside. Step three, don't
have an entry off of that trend line.
That's fine. Phase four, it's time for
our entry. Let's pick the right
discretionary entry. We don't have to
check the broker spread for this
example. And then we will set the limit
order. So why did I take the entry that
I did? Let's discuss it. There are many,
many, many, many reasons for that
perfect entry that I got right there.
One, you can see the EMA is being
respected right here. So I'm wanting to
get an entry at the EMA. I also had the
fair value gap right there getting
filled. So, I'm entering within the fair
value gap. We also have a level of
supply off of these green candle right
there. So, we stacked all those
confluences together. And that last
phase is managing the trade, setting
that take profit one and stop loss,
taking a partial profit, going break
even, set and take profit two. on this
trade. What I would do here is I had my
stop loss above these recent wicks. I
felt that was pretty safe. I would take
my take-profit about here right now for
TP1. Then I would let that trade play
out further and further and further. And
on stream, I let this thing go and go
and go. And this thing went all the way
down to a second take-profit level,
which was perfect all the way down here.
But this trade continued to go on and
push further and further down over the
hours to come. But this was the best
trade on stream so far. If you really
want to learn this scalping strategy,
you've got to watch me do it on stream.
There's a lot of discretion. Make sure
to smash that like button, subscribe to
the channel. If this helped you at all,
please do those things. Consider joining
my VIP trading room. The link to that is
in the video description. I'll be back
next week. Watch this video. Watch this
video. Much love.
