when you make 85k on the trade.
 
[laughter]
Yo yo, here we are in London session
waiting for price to tap into a point of
interest, waiting for our confirmation.
Anyways, you can see cute little uptrend
right here. I'm trying to write the
momentum, but obviously I don't get up
right here. So, I'm going to trade this
pullback over here, right? I'm just very
patiently waiting for price to come back
down to our demand that we have marked
up right here and then hopefully sweep
some liquidity before we actually look
for our entry. Right? So yeah, you can
see I'm still not in the position right
now. I'm still very patiently waiting
for price to come into this area right
here. Swap some liquidity, present my
entry model, then I'll look for loans.
Potentially there is some available
liquidity below this lows. So that could
potentially be a good price to get in
around this 1.324 area. Look at that. We
got a cute little inducement right here.
Trying to entice me to entering for long
early, huh? Nice try, buddy. All right.
So, yeah, man. Like, this is just an
inducement for little on price comes
down my liquidity before we get the real
move to the upside. And this is the move
that I want to be playing, not this
little fake move right here. This BS
move here. So, I just continue waiting,
right? Not getting psyched out right
here. And once price get down there,
it's payday. Time to make it rain, boys.
You can see right here, price has
created like an inducement right here.
Equal lows over here. We are potentially
waiting for that to be swept. And you
can see later on, price came down, swept
this low here, tapping into our extreme
demand. And this is where I'm looking to
get in. Boom. Showtime. Anyways, guys,
right now, I've just full ported the
[\h__\h] out of my account. Just kidding. I
didn't full pot my account. All right,
but I'm very confident that this entry
model is going to play out. Just watch
what happen next. Just watch, guys.
We're in the position right now. We are
in a little bit of draw down, right?
Because of the commission cost and all
that stuff, but it's okay. We're going
to get out draw down and then we're
going to go back into TP anytime right
now. There we go. You can see you can
see like the change in momentum, the
change in sentiment, right? Like the
bears are stepping away, the bulls are
stepping into the market. That's what
I'm talking about. You know why the
boots are stepping into the market?
Because billionaire trader go here is
just unloading billions of dollars of U
G. I'm buying billions of dollars of GU.
I'm manipulating the market right now,
bro. [\h__\h] We didn't have the best
entry.
We didn't have the best entry. We are in
a draw down right now. But like I said,
if price holds at this demand zone,
right, my stop loss is at the right
place. of nothing to worry about, you
know, just going to like continue
holding it out because like I said,
right now I'm just expecting price to do
this. Okay, this is like a pullback
trade for price to go up even further.
And this is super duper aggressive. Just
spotting for inducements on the one
minute time frame. Waiting for that to
be swept and also waiting for this
liquidity right here on the left hand
side to be swept. Mitigating our extreme
demand zone right here that causes an
internal break of structure. Right. So
by right this is like the five minute
swing range that we are trading. So
since today I'm like sculping this is
pretty much like the optimal price point
for me to actually get in and just
target like overall somewhere up here at
this next supply zone over here. This
should be like a very fast trade that if
that is actually sufficient demand in
the market which I'm betting there is
right. Look at this. Okay we are going
up right now. Please please please don't
go down bro. Please don't go down, bro.
There we go.
Oh, Maui Wii.
Oh, Maui Wii. Anytime right now. I might
be wrong about the trade timing, but I'm
never wrong about the trade idea. Uh, at
least that's what I tell myself every
single day. Okay, but ah, hell no, man.
This is not fun, man. Oh, there we go.
What did I say? There we go. You know,
come on. Come on now. Big push now.
Yeah, big mountains. Yeah, there we go.
That's what I'm talking about, guys.
Like I said, man, I might be wrong about
like the exact timing, but
it's very highly unlikely that I'm wrong
about the trade idea. Like I said, man,
just execute your your trading plan. You
just have boss dip conviction to just
continue holding it even though price is
in a draw down, you know? Oh, there we
go. That's what I'm talking about, man.
Big man things, big profit things, bro.
Okay, that was a big juicy candle. That
was a big juicy candle right there.
There is no way my trade would not go in
my way right now, man. There is no
freaking way, bro. Yo,
that's what I'm talking about, man. Easy
game, guys. Easy game, bro. The spreads
are killing me, though. I'm not going to
lie. The spreads are freaking killing
me, man. That's what I'm talking about.
Feels good to be back. Daddy's home as
always. But yeah, man. Like it's really
just that, bro. Like all you have to do
is wait for inducements. Wait for price
to mitigate the extreme demand zone.
Wait for you to actually get all the
liquidity in the world getting swept.
Wait for price to mitigate the extreme
demand zone. Wait, I already say that.
Wait for price to come down to a price
point which is in alignment with the
higher time frame structural. Wait for
price to come down into a discount area
when price is bullish. That's it, bro.
Just a million things. You know, every
single day we got people asking me,
"What's the perfect strategy to use?
What's the silver bullet? What's the
holy grail?" You know, like the one
magic indicator, the one chart pattern,
the one secret that will finally make
trading click. And I hate to break it to
you guys, man, but like there is really
no freaking silver bullet. There is no
holy grail. There's no one thing that
will save you, right? It's not one
thing. It's a thousand tiny things
stacked correctly done consistently for
an extended period of time. It's how you
wake up, how you prepare your charts,
how you manage your risk, how you size
your positions, how you react under
stress, how you journey your trades, how
you follow your trading plan, how you
recover from a loss, how you stay
focused after a win. Right? It's like
it's not just one thing. You don't fix
your trading with just one magic hack.
You fix it by fixing the 1% stuff every
single day until the whole system
becomes airtight. It becomes robust. And
I think the reason why people want the
holy grail is because it's so much
easier to blame your trading strategy
rather than look in the mirror. And I've
probably said this a thousand times by
now. The truth is the traders who make
it in trading aren't the ones with the
fanciest setup. I'm the ones with the
most motivation or like the most high
win rate strategy. They are simply the
ones who have mastered the boring stuff,
which is the process, the repetition,
the discipline. Like look at this setup
right here. I'm up so much money right
now. Like I don't even know how much
money am I up right now. But it's not
because of this one setup. It's because
I did this one setup a thousand times.
And I found out exactly what worked and
what didn't work. And I just
continuously fine-tune this trading
model until it's bulletproof and become
[snorts] so wired into my brain right
now that I can easily just identify that
entry model without referring to my
notebook without referring to my trading
plan. And that only comes when you've
done the thousand things for a,000 hours
for 10,000 hours. And I guess this is
also why I built edge flow. is not to
give you like a magic strategy or like a
holy grail, but to give you the tools to
enforce the thousand tiny things that
actually make you a profitable trader.
Trust me guys, if you can just
understand this one thing today, that is
where you will stop wasting time chasing
shortcuts and finally just start putting
in the damn work, start building the
version of yourself that actually win.
And ironically, when you start doing
that, you become profitable faster
compared to when you try to chase a
different 10,000 different shortcuts and
try to like skip from one strategy to
other strategy, you just waste so much
time doing so. Always remember, doing
new [\h__\h] is expensive. Just stick to
what works, what is proven. Like
whatever I showed you on here, it's all
strategies that are proven. I'm not
asking you to reinvent the wheel. I'm
just asking you to like observe how I
trade. look at how I think, how I manage
my risk, how I stay economous after a
losing streak, how I react to losses and
wins, and just copy it. Like, if you can
just copy it, like the way that I think
and the way that I trade, bro, you will
become profitable. Like I said, you
don't need to try to reinvent the wheel.
You don't need to try to have create
like a new different strategy every
week. No, just look at how I trade and
just copy it exactly. That's it. And the
people who have done that in the exact
sequence, in the exact steps I tell them
to do, they become profitable.
That's it, bro. That is the freaking
holy grail. It's just a thousand things
done well for an extended period of
time. That's what I'm talking about.
That's what I'm talking about. No. Am I
about to become the liquidity man? Nah.
Psych. Anyways, looks like there was
insufficient liquidity, right? So what
happened was that price actually used
the available liquidity below these lows
and these lows to cause price to pull
back right here. But then there was
insuffion demand for price to continue
going up. So as a result once again it's
just going to generate more liquidity
right. So it's creating another
inducement right here as well. And then
this is where price comes down. Just
came down. Swep those inducements,
right? Swap those lows right here. And
this is where we are preparing to take
off any time right now because yeah,
like I said, this type of [\h__\h] happens,
man. Like sometimes there's just
insufficient liquidity in the market,
right? And you need to grab more
liquidity. So like I said, as long as
you stick to your plan, you know and
understand the logic of the market,
market behavior, liquidity, timing,
order flow, institutional activity. You
just got to chew, bro. Like you just got
to chew because like I said, I can be
wrong about the trade timing, but
I will be right about the trade idea
because once again, I understand the
objective of price, right? So
insufficient liquidity right here. Guess
what? Price is going to build more
liquidity. It's going to build more
available liquidity. Once that's built,
price going to come down here, swap the
liquidity, which it has just did right
here. And right now, any point of time,
we about to pal. Okay, we're about to
pal. There we go. That's what I'm
talking about, man. Bro, this one is
going to be like an insane push. You
will see how fast price moved right
here. Over here, it was like moving
quite kind of slow, right? But right
now, since he swept all the freaking
liquidity right here, he has gotten all
the demand, it's gonna just pump like
crazy. I just know it, bro. Right. I'm
just betting my life on this. Okay, if
price doesn't pump all the way up here
today, I'm sticking this up my ass.
Okay, so it better go up. It better
freaking go up, man. No, nothing's going
through the back door. I'm telling you
that, man. Nothing's going through the
back door, bro. But yeah, anyways,
that's how confident I am in a trade
idea, bro. Like, that's how much
confident that you need to have in your
trade idea. No homo. I've been
eyeballing this trade for like [\h__\h]
forever, bro. I feel like a [\h__\h]
retail trader right now. [\h__\h] hell.
I'm so angry right now, man.
Yo, anyways, man, calm down, Brad. Calm
down, Brad. You're You're already a
profitable trader. Nothing to be angry
about. There we go. That's what I'm
talking about.
>> [laughter]
>> What am I doing, bro? What am I doing?
Oh, what did I say? What did I say,
lads? There we go. We got a freaking
pal. There we go. In the Australian
jungles, mate. Oh my god.
Yeah, I'm telling you guys, man. Like,
this move is about to be crazy. Like,
this move is about to be
crazy, bro. Bro,
there we go. Going back to Lulu just to
get that Maui Wii. Wowee. Wowee.
There we go. Big mountain things, bro.
Man, I love this game, guys. I genuinely
love this game, bro. Like, how can you
not love this game? It's like when you
understand the game, the game is just so
fun, bro. The game is the game. And like
what Jesse Livermore said, man, the game
taught me the game and it didn't spare
the rod while doing so, right? It didn't
spare the rod and that's why I'm here
today. Oh my days. Look at that big boy
push. We're about to pump. [\h__\h] man.
We're about to smash TP. Should we just
like hold it a little bit more, guys? Oh
my god, bro. Look at this. Look at this.
What the [\h__\h] is going on, man? All
right, let's let's not get greedy. All
right, let's just let's just close it
right there. All right, Brad. calm the
[\h__\h] down, man. Hey, you guys don't
understand, man. It's been like quite
long since I trade, you know. I've just
been busy building edge flow for the
past two weeks. I'm just happy to be
back in the game. Thanks for having me,
Mr. Market. I'm out. Hey, going back to
Han Lulu, Maui just to get there. Maui
Wawi, Maui, Wawi.
[\h__\h] yeah.
Look at my teeth, bro.
My teeth is perfect, bro.
Look at that. No braces. None of that
[\h__\h] man. That gay [\h__\h] right
there. Okay. You know what? We are
placing a TP at 1.3253. All right. Right
there. Right there. I'm comfortable that
price is going to get up there. All
right. I'm comfortable that price is
going to get out there. Come on now.
[\h__\h] [\h__\h] Come on now. Don't start
reversing on me now, mate. We're so
close. So freaking close, bro.
Oh, man. Why did I place my TP all the
way up there, guys? I should have just
placed it right here, bro. Why did I Why
did I Nah, we are good, bro. We are
good. There's sufficient momentum in the
market right now. You guys don't
understand. All right, you guys don't
understand. This is not me trading
because of greed. This is me following
the plan, right? It's like you just know
that with the sheer amount of momentum
in the market right now, price is going
to get there. [\h__\h] bro. Why am I so
emotional today? No, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no. Come on now, big
man. Thanks. Yeah, chill guys. Look at
this. Look at this big fat juicy
candlestick, bro. Like, there is no way
in hell price will start reversing right
now. There is no way in hell, bro. Price
has to take out that high there. Yeah.
Anyways, yeah, you can see price pull
back to this demand right here.
Mitigating this demand swap liquidity
like what we have forecasted. And right
now, he has sufficient demand. It's
going to come up there, take out this
swing high, and then it can potentially
even come up all the way up here to this
1.326
levelish. Yeah, potentially we can get
it all the way up here. But yeah, man,
not going to let this bearish o not
going to let this bearish candlestick
sight me out of a good position, man.
Right. Do not freaking close your
position early. You got to learn how to
let your winners run high, Brad. And
this is the time where you can freaking
prove to yourself that you have the
discipline, you have the focus, you have
the confidence to actually do this [\h__\h]
man. Come on now, Brad. Come on now,
Brad. Hey, if price actually goes up
there and hit that TP, you guys got to
stick this up your ass. All right. All
right. I'm telling you, stick this up
your freaking ass right now, mate. I
hope this video doesn't get taken down
because of this [\h__\h] right here. Okay.
Anyways guys, right here, what's going
to happen is that price is going to hit
my TP in the next 5 to 15 minutes or so.
And the reason why that's going to
happen is because of the fact that there
is so much freaking bullish momentum
right here. And if our trade idea is
right, which like I said, it usually is,
price is going to come out there and
take out this high and just continue
creating like a higher high since he has
just created this new higher low right
here. Now, let's say let's try to be
pessimistic and think about like the
worst case scenario. The worst case
scenario is that price switch bearish
over here. But in order for it to switch
bearish, it has to liquidity again,
right? Which means that price has to
come up there, create an inducement
right here, later on come up there, sub
liquidity before it can start crashing
down. So either way, price is going to
hit my TP before it starts going down or
before it go starts continue pumping.
Right? It's like that's how you should
be placing your TP. You want to make
sure that you are able to capture the
maximum upside while still staying
protected on the downside, right? Like
just taking into account every single
possible scenario. But man, price has to
hit my TP, bro. It has to. Normally I
would say the market doesn't have to,
but today it has to. It has to, bro. So
that I can buy myself a birthday
present. All right, that's all right. We
are like almost there. It's like, you
know, we're almost there, bro. Come on.
Just uh just just inch a little bit more
so you can get the [\h__\h] out of this
trade right here.
Oh my god. There we go. There we go.
Five, four, three,
two,
one.
No.
Again. Three, two,
No. Okay. [\h__\h]
[\h__\h] Yes. Yes. We should be out of the
freaking position right now, dude. Oh my
god. That took freaking forever, dude.
How are we still in a position right
now, man? This is why I hate trading on
freaking MT4 and Trading View. How the
hell are we still in a position right
now? I don't understand, man. Look at
this. Clear as day. Prices blotch right
through it, man. We're out, guys. We are
out.
Yo yo who's back? That is back. That is
back, man. That is back. 85.6K today.
Lightweight, baby. Like I said, never
ever [\h__\h] doubt Bretco. I'm the
[\h__\h] goat, man. And the best part is
we literally caught out every single
move with insane precision. Bro, find me
another trader in this industry that
have this amount of credibility, this
amount of proof, this amount of
accuracy. You can't. There's a reason
why I'm the [\h__\h] goat. All right,
there we have it, guys. Trade close. As
simple as that. This was like a light
trade. Okay, I was just really feeling,
you know, burned out from like [\h__\h]
building edge flow for like the past two
weeks. Just been working 16hour days,
seven days a week, three weeks in a row.
And I'm still here.
I'm still here. Live trading right in
front of your faces. You can't fake this
work ethic. And there's the reason why
I'm the [\h__\h] best. That's the reason
why I'm undefeated right there.
Come at me, bro. Anyways, I don't have
any motivation speech for you today. I
just want to say going back to Halu just
to get that that Maui Wawi that Maui
Wii. Bro, that song is stuck in my
[\h__\h] head, man. [\h__\h] doom
scrolling degenerates.
Hey, if Bryce actually goes up there and
hit that TV, you guys got to stick this
up your ass. All right. All right, I'm
telling you. Stick this up your freaking
ass right now, mate.
