If you like the support resistance strategy
 
Actually I have to learn, actually
I want to master it, I don't know it all over the internet.
I think there will be a video where you
This much must have been explained in detail.
In the beginning, you must look at the time step.
You might think that this video is around one hour long.
One hour means that you will get this particular video
Basics of Support Resistance in
How to start from zero, how to draw
Have to do it? How many types of support resistance are there?
What are they made of? How does he work? And
What is the basic psychology behind it?
Everything you are going to learn in this video.
All the old people I am sure they
You know how weirdly you react after seeing this
do. Because again I removed the beard.
The new people don't care.
Is. Seeing me for the first time. Butt as much
Definitely old people are those you know they are
Going to be a little bit upset that Sir
Why did you remove the beard? The reason is that I have
To you know do some treatment from my face.
That's why I have to get it off. But Anyways
Looks don't matter to me. I
I'm here to teach you. And the biggest thing
Is it good. I'm not an actor or anything like that.
This will have a huge impact. I am
Your teacher. So whatever I am. You know I
M in a suit. I mean a t-shirt. I West
I am or I am Beard Clean Ship
Doesn't Matt. Anyways the main purpose is this
The point of the video is that you support
learn resistance in a way that
If you already know then the clarity is so much
It will be more likely that you will follow him.
You will understand the actual ideology. and if
I don't know if you're seeing me for the first time
Trust me it is going to be something like this
One of the best videos that you will actually
I understood the support resistance strategy
Will give it completely. more time waste
I don't. Let's go straight to the video
And you see how it actually works
He has to draw it and how it works
Is. This is lecture four. had promised
I have. And by the way we got 6 lakh followers.
Have hit it. Hopefully we will hit a
Million soon. And as soon as the million is hit
Trust me there is something that I don't
I think this might have happened on the internet by now. So
I will do something like this. to without any further
Adu Let's Get Started.
Ok? Let's start now. Ok?
Let's start. Very important topic we
People are going to cover it today. which is
Support and Resistance. Ok? Support
You will also understand the resistance. demand supply also
Will understand and some joss area support
Resistance means one thing, understand this, in this your
There should be enough attention that technical
Analysis other than support and resistance
No, if you do the job properly.
If you understand it properly then your mind will
You have to pay more attention to this
Meaning, the three-four days that are going to happen from here
Your focus should be so much on that
Now this is the age, if I reach it
I mastered I am the champion if
I missed you and then I went around the world
I will learn things and it will remain incomplete and
Whatever other setups you can get from here
Are they made? Did ICT create SMC or
Anything and everything that is
This is the base, this is the base, which is a foundation.
It is like this, it is just a little outside
Present that thing in a different language
When it was done, it became even more hyped.
It is like very good and motivated tomorrow
Something happened yesterday I want to tell you about.
I want to tell everyone the biggest thing I know
what is it what he told me
That she also has a 10 year old daughter. He is completely full
Dedicated. He also suffered a lot of losses earlier.
I have done it. I have given him a lot of time. Now!
It's only been five days. And he is fully
Dedicated. and he is putting so much
dedication that even when his 10 year old daughter
When the class is over, she is also
Watching Recordings Class. This whole class
Which is with my dad. they both are learning
And the dedication is so much that just
Buy candle sticks only from ₹1,000
to ₹48,000, then I told you yesterday also
Now reduce the risk a little bit from here.
Because you have just done something amazing.
We will learn more good things from here.
You will learn a little risk factor. Then
After that you continue. So you are this
You are watching the dedication part. Meaning
It is commendable. I was like so inspired
By this thing because inspiration happens
Can you get it from everywhere or not? Yes, this much.
He is putting in effort and he has a job as well.
All these things are whatever happens
He is the one who is putting this much
Effort so I need everybody to be this much
Active and this you know be this much involved
In this thing, isn't it? If you have multiple
One thing is happening again and again and again
I'm pretty sure you're doing FOMO trades a lot.
Le Rahege and second thing by this
Statement What I Realized Is You Are You
Get demotivated very easily up to the point
Do you understand Ashutosh, FOMO is fear of missing?
Get two things out
The first FOMO must be happening because when
Our stop loss is hit and we get
Demotivated and we need to fix that thing quickly.
It has to happen in the market because of that
Sometimes we take FOMO entries as well and
Second, you get demotivated very easily.
If not 10,000, then at least 1000 videos
So you will get to see it on YouTube.
1000 videos some are right, some are wrong, some
Are very
Confusing. And with all of my
Experience taught me as much as I learned from people.
found. All I Can Tell You Is If You Just Knew
I understand this well, you don't need anything.
Else. This is also there. So give him this much.
What is support resistance? First we of this
Let's clear the concept. Because Again
Some people already know. thats
Great. But who doesn't know us from the basics
Will start. Ok? So let's understand
The concept of support first. Chart Words Now
It's a matter for later. This is its core concept.
Support is a support. Ok? which you
It supports. This is exactly the same thing.
For example, suppose something is falling.
Is. Now something started falling from here.
And here is your hand. So that thing here
come to
Will stop. It will take a little pause. Correct? So these
Shh what's going on? Your hand holds that thing
Supporting in stopping.
Ok? And I'll be looking at this further down.
He will not let me go. That is the first thing. Now
Obviously depends on different-different
Object. But this core concept is support.
Of. Support means giving support. It's
Like that. Now Resistance Just Is Just
Its
Reverse. Imagine you try to jump
had been. But there is such a plank installed there.
Is. A wooden plank is installed. So you jump
Will you do it? Your head will hit here. you come down
You will go. Then you jump and your head will hit the ground.
You will come. Then you jump and your head will hit
You will come down ultimately keep doing one
It will break at the point, okay, but
Ultimately, the plank that is placed there
But what is that, that is, as a resistance work.
It is not letting you go any higher
Is Resistance and Same on the Other Way Koi
The thing is coming down, there's a plank underneath it.
Pe lag ke bar bar bouncing ho raha hai that is
A support, this is a basic concept.
Now you know where the problem lies.
There are actually two types of things in the market
I exist. One has happened
Our support
resistance
And another one is another one is demand
End
Supply. Both are kind of the same. Butt bit
There is a slight difference between the two. Hum It's
Like, there is a little minor difference between us.
Have to understand.
Okay now I hope this concept of support you
You will understand well. The concept of resistance
You will understand. Now we can just randomize it like this
Let's look at the chart. Ok?
Let's
Tech Nifi.
Now if I ask you this, I will give it 5
I will do it in minutes.
Ok? If I ask you all, what do you
From where this price is seen falling
Yes, can you draw that line? And
Wherever you see the price increasing
is, can you draw that line
yes? So I hope you all will do it. If I
Join random like this right now from random lets
If I try to draw, I might
I will draw the line. Market down from here
Has fallen. Fine. to draw this line
I will try. Market down from here too
Has fallen. Try to draw this line
I will do it. The market has fallen from here also.
I will try to draw this line also.
The market has fallen from here also.
Correct? Where could he see it from?
Are. I will try to draw this line.
The market picked up a bit from here.
Is. Kind of the same. to draw this line
I will try to. The market has picked up from here.
Now after that I don't see anything here.
Used to be. The next lowest point is this
The line is visible. draw from here
I will do it. See how I drew this.
Did you get it easily? There is no doubt in this.
Everyone, can everyone draw like this?
Like I have drawn a simple one. all so much
Are you able to identify it in the chart?
Anyone have a problem with this?
Not there. No problem now.
Ok. All
Clear no problem. No problem. between
The candle where
Is. Hum All Clear
perfect. Correct. Ok. All right. everyone
I understood this much. Great.
Perfect very good sandeep. So now from here we
No, we can at least see this much that
Well, this is market support. it
There is market resistance and from here where
The market is rising, so carry on like this.
Wherever the market is rising, all that
What do the supports say? and from wherever
The market is falling, all that is resistance.
Each level means if seen technically
If it goes then this is also resistance. This too
There is resistance. This is also resistance. These
There is also resistance. Everything is resistance. And
Wherever the market is rising, this too
There is support. Technically this is also support. These
There is also support. It is like that. But you
There is no need to mess around like this
Is. I did this just for understanding
I have done it. Let's do a little more like this
kind of revision as any one such
Let's go back and mark something somewhere.
Let's mark it here.
Ok? Now if I have to draw resistance
If it happens then the market has fallen from here.
Change
do it. The market has fallen from here. from here
The market also fell. a little from here
The market fell down. Market from here too
Fell down.
The market moved up from here due to resistance. Here
The market went up. Market up from here
Went.
Were we able to identify the support?
Ok. Now let's move a little further. 1 to this
Let's do it on hourly basis. one time one hour pay
Let's try it.
This has been a very good let's go from here
There is resistance from here, the market fell from here
The market fell and from there the market went up.
Support from here last time the market moved up
Was
Support and it is all here and nothing else.
Not special ok
Ok. Now listen to one homework from here.
Today. Ok? Because right now on the spot flow
coming to mind with
My. You should write it down for yourself right now.
You will get less.
40 for you 40 charts
In
Support that will understand you and
Draw the resistance and take a screenshot.
You have to take it and keep it with you and I will tell you the truth
to whom I am speaking
Take a screenshot and keep it with you.
If I ever asked someone random, okay?
Send me all the screenshots. I am from someone
I can ask and I could not send it, so I
No support, nothing.
Ok? And don't think that's just okay
The class will be over, okay, after that.
What difference does it make right now?
People's class is going on, I wonder who will be there today?
what day is today today is what day
Thursday Friday Saturday Monday to Monday
what is going to happen from Monday whatever my
They are old students, okay, so whatever
I feel like no, yes they are very
Active and they actually
I have put in effort, what am I going to do with them?
Everyone because I am not doing day rate
I am not scalping
I will call them all right now, what is it like?
Let's say in Meet or something like Zoom
Or something like that and there they all will
B. Trading what their setups are becoming
According to him, And I will be keeping a track
Keeping a track on them and who's making a mistake
Whoever has had a bad day has made a mistake
I will try to improve them or not, yes
Here's how we could improve it
There is no problem with genuine law but
Someone could have improved it here like this
There are no extra fees or anything. So
Only if you actually put in the effort
I enjoy. I just separated one
A group has been created where active traders
Are. You won't believe it. I have so
Many students. Across 13 countries.
But do you know how many people are in that group?
There are only five people. Because there are so many
There are only five people who
I am engaged with great intensity. means a passion
What happens is that if I were to go to bed right now at 2:00 in the morning
If I send a message, everyone will be happy instantly.
The reply will come. Active Active Active
Active and here chart, this chart, that chart.
We elected the people. Before the result
do does did? I am motivating you
because you may have more numbers
It may seem difficult but you have to do it. We the people
What we did before the results
Got the stocks analyzed. We the people
Reliance was analyzed. TCS's
Had the analysis done.
Had HDFC AMC analyzed. which other
Was there stock? Analyze Bank Nifty
Was. Now which profits are gone? In TCS
Got a big profit. I did not book the entire book.
I did it and booked 50% and the market today
Came back down. Ok? My breakeven
It is on. Right now some loss of ₹400 is also visible.
Is. It costs around I think 40,000
There was profit. I had booked half of it.
Half was still I was holding but come down
It's all gone. Reliance is currently in loss. HDFC
Huge Profit Bank Nifty Pay It Was
Huge profits and another stock was Koi I
Think GMS was probably from. So only Reliance
I have suffered a loss. Rest all that we have
Six stocks were involved, all of them were profitable. We
How much did you start with? 10:00 pm
From then till 1:00 we sat like this
Was doing analysis. And I do
Randomly. So I need efforts from you. Correct
Is? So please keep this in mind. Let's go now
Let's come back here. noted down homework
will be. Now
from lats
The concept of time frame is clear, right?
Where do you change the time frame from?
Because now that is the basic of support resistance
You have understood it. Now I give you
Intraday swing, scalping, all this
Things are there because support and resistance are for everyone.
It is base. So you have to clear that thing and then
I am going to move forward. Ok? So even
Everything is clear and from here everyone
Do you know how to change the time frame or not?
I told that in class. all this
It is clear, isn't it?
Is it clear? perfect. Ok.
Done. It's all perfect. perfect.
Clear understanding of the time frame. Ok. perfect.
Ok. So you know why I said this now?
thing? Because now you take it like this
Let us go. Scalping Right.
Scalping
Intraday swing with a small one in between
People have created a separate zone
BTSC is fine, in the midst of this option
I and
Here on positional scalping, if we
Time frame set to 5 minutes. And
If we go into the 5 minute time frame and our
Support resistance is drawing.
Ok? Understand. So that's for scalping.
Best zone ho gaya or best time frame ho
Gone to draw support resistance.
Or do this. You can also understand that
If we want to do scalping trading, then
In scalping trading, we have to
There is support and resistance, that's us 5
Let's go and draw in a minute. concept
clear? There won't be any direct questions.
Not on scalping, on which time frame
Support resistance should be drawn. At once
Clear, right? I walk very slowly
remained
Am.
clear is it
clear? Focus on class now. all of that
The rest is a matter. Right now I am not a paying end
Nation on Any Other Things. When I Am
Teaching So I Don't Want to Break My
Flow. I will explain scalping
Separately in scalping. we will have a
Dedicated class on scalping. But this
Did you understand the point or not?
V Draw Support Resistance in Scalping
At 5 minutes time frame. Ok?
In scalping we use support resistance 5
Draw in minutes. right now we are
What did he do? If You
Remember, it was 5 minutes from here.
In starting. Earlier it was at 1 minute. And what about us
When I first told you about support here
We are the resistance to support resistance.
How do you draw? So here it is.
Resistance. Here is the resistance. Here it is
Support. Here is the support. Here is the support.
I had just done Dr. earlier. So on which one am I
Was doing? That was done in 5 minutes. So if
I need to make a scalping plan,
If you want to do scalp trade plan then I am my
Support Resistance which is 5 minute pay Dr
I do. And there are videos on YouTube too.
Pay. I added support by trading live
Resistance and candlesticks I'm there
I was using it to trade. So
Whatever levels I had in that, those 5 minutes
were according to. Ok? This is first
Thing. Ok. Now let's move back.
scalping in 5 minutes
For intraday trading I prefer 15 minutes
time of
Frame. And if you understand something in 15 minutes
It is not coming. Sometimes it will happen
In extreme cases, then a cross check
You can also watch 1 hour for. Butt 15
Minutes perfectly suited for the Indian market
Because the trading session itself is 6 hours long.
Is. Even in that only 4 hours is good
The momentum remains. Rest of the day, rest of the time is complete
The market remains very cold. of the morning
Two hours and the last two hours, that's all we have.
It is primarily for focusing. Ok?
So scalping intraday now what is there in it
Used to be? The trading change you see
What is happening in all this? Bus
It's all a game of time frame. Trading Sari
The change has happened. Ok? More for now
A lot happens. But for now, 5 minutes.
Pay Scalping Pay Support Resistance Draw
do.
Intraday draws will be done every 15 minutes. Now
we would come
I am in the intraday class BTS
I will explain how to plan BTS
swing trading
This is your base for four hours. swing
However, there are many other things in trading.
Very complex, the most complex
Swing trading is just that. a lot of us
Complications are used in that. Butt Four
Hour is your base analysis time frame
For swing trading. Ok? 4 hours also
Let us see. 12 hours also see the same
We see time, one day as well as weekly.
Let's see, let's see the monthly also. swing
Trade is a combination of many things
Of. But four hours pay all base analysis for
It happens on the hour. Meaning, from here, if I
I also need to plan a swing trade.
so the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to do four
I will see the major level on our time frame.
Where are they being made? If in four hours before
I didn't understand anything at glance, so
I will look into it further. Don't worry about this either.
If there is a dedicated class then I will touch more
I am not doing it. Just explained the time frame.
I am here right now. And whenever we make a position
If you have to sit in the market then you should go daily
Take it as a base and combine weekly and monthly
We plan our trade by positioning
To make because it lasts for 6-6 months
This position lasts at least eight months in a match.
If it is swing trade then what is week 10 days
15 days it's like that okay so
5 minutes in scalping, 15 in intraday
Minutes Swing Trading Per Four Hour
Daily and weekly in positional, just this
There are different types of trading styles
Scalping Trading Intraday Trading
Swing trading, position trading, all of these
There are just different time frames. If its
If you look at the base, there are many other things.
it occurs. There is a different mindset. all of that
We discuss in individual classes
do. Ok? Fine. So this is not confusing
Happen. Why did I tell you this first?
So that you are never confused about what is right
I can understand intraday in 5 minutes.
Went. Now how do I plan swing trading?
should I? Hey, there's nothing to do. Here you are
The way you are looking at support resistance now is 5
trying to read in minutes or
Was understanding the market. Do you understand the price
No? That's what you have to do. Just here for 5 minutes
If you make it 4 hours. Now in front of you
The picture is something else. It takes more time
It will take. In this, if we now have such
If we want to do random analysis then we just
I am able to understand this much in general that
Bank Nifty and Nifty were last seen at this location.
It went quite high from here. Now back
I came to this place. What level was this brother?
This was 24,800. Tell me this 24,800 support
Is it or not? So much you guys understand
yes? If you don't want it, just say no. so much you
Are you able to understand? 24,800 stung support
Is. Ok. Okay, now you look here.
Let me
Just Put It
Here. 24,800 is the support. I feel
There is strong support. Now this strong week we
We will discuss later. Stung Week Happens
He will discuss this later. Butt first
The market went up from here. If we do this
Count one candle, two candles, three
Candle, four candles i.e. 4 * 4 16 hours
The market has gone up from here. means above
He has been moving up and down. But the trend
Whatever is happening in the market has gone up.
How many points has the market gone up here?
From? Approximately 550 points. Big for Nifty
The thing is. Halwa is for Bank Nifty 500
Point. rises and falls in a day
goes. But it is a big deal for Nifty.
Because there is a movement of 2.5% approx.
Got it? Do you understand this point? This one
Did you understand the point? So now you tell me this
Tell
that I was not an intuitive person that I
It was already known that the market would rise from here
Will go. But can I use this common sense here?
I can use that from here to here
But the market has gone up from here also. But
The previous bottom, after this something down here
Not there. Everything is empty.
This is a dead end. There is only one way, not the other.
There is a dead end just below it.
The whole thing then comes under the people. This is currently
There is a dead end here
Of. So if you come to a dead end
I can buy the market. what are you looking at
Of? This is just my analysis that the previous
The bar market has moved up from this point and
It was not a small thing, it went up quite a bit.
Is. A big rally has been organised. by pausing
The single did not go anywhere. I paused and went away
Is. Right? Because why do we call it this now?
Are you not speaking? Technically it is also supported
Is. But then immediately after that, this
Was. So the dead end below this, then here
Nothing is there Now look where it is here
Is? If we break this dead end then
Then where will the next underworld be built? It is here. And
Below here also, then here this is the strongest
We can call it that. How much? 24,000
Meaning if Bank Nifty slips from here
Nifty is directly below 1000 points
The room was quite nice, it was completely out of place.
The matter is different but we will not say
Can't you do the best for us, we just do our work
It is not about analysis but about predicting the future.
If you want to do analysis then on the basis of analysis
Can we call this support?
Everybody's Got It and Is It Good Support
It could be made because it was a dead end.
Later we can see the price, see here
There is no pause anywhere but the big one.
One candle after another is being made, I hope you
You must be able to understand from this point, right?
How to read support resistance correctly
And the way we are studying here at home
Yes, you have to study for 5 minutes like this, right?
Our scalping trading plan is
Will go. Similarly, if we read it in the weekly
So our positional plan will be good.
From. Positional taking isi isi isi concept
I was currently sitting in a position in this stock.
In. Although small cap stocks
Is. But I try to explain to you that here
Yes, what happened? Correct
Is? I want to buy this stock at ₹45
Had started.
Okay 45 45 45 45 more at this
One, look, this isn't a good chart.
Because it is illiquid, it means it has more
Liquidity is not good
I'll take it first, friend 43 4 a minute
You will have to look carefully at around 43
my average
Price let me check let me check
Stucks
The request had to be received somewhere here.
Ok. Now we will remove all this from our mind.
Just keep this much in mind. Yes, Vice
For resistance. Ok? so much brain
I keep it in. You just have to look at it a little bit
Liquid chart because it is small
There is a category below the cap also. anywhere
Can't speak. Theta is a company but small
It belongs to the cap category only. Market from here
Has gone up. Made a strong candle
Is. I think it might be the same one
The candle itself is probably 15-20%. If I am not
Wrong. There is a candle of 40%. Big Big Thing 40%
Correct. Now
When the market fell from here, it
The market has held this area.
Have you done it or not after looking at the price?
feel what
You seem to be looking at the price
that this area is holding means if
If I draw a zone here like this
If I give it, it will cost me around ₹36.
Is the support being made or not?
It will be very difficult to break it
Is the support being created or not? Then
From there, the market rocketed by 40%.
Up 40% in a week. Okay, great.
After that, when the price went down
He fell and it took him months to come down.
Meaning, understand this price. i you
I am not telling you drawing wise. Psychology
I am trying to explain wisely. 40% increase
Went. In how many days? in a week's time. 1 week
40% drop after that from here to here
Let's count. 22% drop but 9 weeks
It started falling by 22%
In. Now what do you understand from this? All
Whoever understood it, it was his own
Explain it to me in my mind. then further
I understand. Then I will tell you further
Why did I enter behind this? Why I
Got the entry on this? I'm still in
It. I mean, how much still is there in it?
Is there competition?
53,000 is in it.
and and and and
A 75,000 to 8 lakh means big-mate
It still happened. Aggressive Buying Seller Try
One by one, hey hey friend, it turned out to be very simple
Went. Wait, wait, wait, I will reply to everyone.
I will read it. Ok. We will take some time
nothing to rush
Is. Ah Komal Says Aggressive Buying Seller
try to in ok control but buyers are
More powerful. ok fine bearers have seen much
Interest and hold their positions. Ok
Dominance candle buyer strung ok aggressive
Buyers Buy Strong. profit booking
Key buyers but buy strong.
Okay ah range sir and the price held on
Itself. Great. Buy Strong Buyers R
to be aggressive and hold your position
Our Sellers Are Not Redder And Rect Ok
Great it buy strong selling selling slow
Buying Aggressive Very Good Tanish Very
Cleanest Explanation Ah Aggressive Buying
and slow selling okay very nice this is
Also good as Roshan Va nice aggressive bear
Far up is trending, yes actually
Rohit is the buyer in the uptrend
He is more dominant, Ah Bayer is stronger
The support is also strong.
Support is ok Sourav support is resistance
Not talking. support resistance so we
Reading the chapter. Here you will find the price
What did you understand from this? You just have to understand that
To. Ok? Price has trouble falling
It is happening. Very good Ankit. Very nice. A
38 Pay by Strung OK. aggressive buying
And profit by strong by strong
Regarding Stung Support by Strong News
Sailor Strong. OK Sellers Are Not Strung
Sameer Sellers are not strung at all in this.
Big players enter retail at 40%
To get out. doesn't make a lot of
Sense.
Buy side full sell side ok buyers
Dominance Resistance Aggressive Buying The
Support Line Trend Line OK Fine
Aggressive Buyers Buyers Fine OK Anyone
Elsewhere with a
Not very buyers aggressive ok ok ok
Great, everyone almost understood.
There is no news
Look into it now
I am not satisfied with this price behavior, that's all
I understand it. When the market is growing
When it came to it, the market gave up for a week and a half.
Pumped 40% into the candle. But when it comes to
I came to fall considering the fact that when
If the market has to grow, it can grow at any cost.
You have to invest money to make things grow
Does matter. But to drop anything
For this you have to withdraw money. Money
It is a painful thing to apply. Withdraw money
is very easy. Sell ​​it and you will get the money.
You will also get happiness. Cash in your hand
There will be liquid money. Correct? But
Despite this fact, the price has increased a lot.
It went quickly but the price took a long time to come down.
It was getting difficult. The price that came down
He has come consolidating. and that's
60% entry into Why I Got 15 Actually
Of mine here. And then another entry I was
Planning it here. He never came
But I did not get entry. and it
Went all the way up to ₹ This is which was I
Think this something went down by 15% in just one day.
one day is fine
So ok one minute let me open Nifi
again
not correct four
out perfect so we have basic support
What did you understand by resistance?
What is support resistance actually?
Is? It's very easy. Market which particular
From which area is the fall occurring and which particular
Growing by area. And along with that, this
You have to see to identify. Now we seconds
Coming to the zone. Strong Support Versus
Weak support. Ok? or strong
Resistance vs. Weak Resistance. Who
I just told support it's Viceversa
For resistance. Meaning that if a
Particular area
The price has increased from so now here
Which will become the strongest resistance?
Go? This particular area is the
Strongest resistance because of its
After all there is nothing above. This is a dead end.
There is resistance from here also. This too
There is resistance. But this is a dead end for four hours.
On time frame. Got it?
So What We Understood: Support Resistance
So I understood the basics. Strong Support
Resistance is the zone where you
It looks like the price is going to sky rocket.
and one that supports whatever you're looking for.
If there is no support beneath it,
And if it's a dead end, it's the strongest.
It is a zone, that is, let's say for example
You drew a support here too.
It would have happened because the price went up from here also.
Is. Isn't this support? Absolutely.
Is this strong support?
No. It is not strong.
Ok? It is not so weak that it is completely
It is useless. Like it's completely useless
This one. This is better than this. But we him
It will not complicate much that this
It is very high quality. This is a bit average
Is. It's exactly like that. It is medium. bl bl
Not bl. We will put ours directly on the category
To soothe yourself. Strong
Versus Week. That's it. No barrier in between
Will not keep it. however you wish individually
So you can keep it for your understanding.
Wait a while to see the market here.
Is. Some candles were made by the market. here
So I stopped by a lot. After this 1 2
Market for 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 40 Hours
It has stopped. So this was also a good zone. You
You can forget it for your own understanding.
I understand. But I don't want you
To confuse a lot. So that's why I give you
I am teaching simple two analysis. Strong
and Week. Just so you don't end up with some garbage in the middle.
Catch it. So this is also weak. this is also week
Is. This is also week. Strong Ye
remained. This is what happens in 5 minutes. Now this
We would have done five minutes immediately
Are. Then I will also tell you about TCS trade.
I will show you. He is still running. profit
Say Loss in Now But Anyways
Normal. Now we played support a lot.
Are. Playing a little resistance
Are. Ok? Because the price is going up
Is.
Suppose the price goes up from here because
What is Nifty now, what will happen to us tomorrow?
I don't know, we just analyze it.
There is resistance, yes this is resistance.
There is resistance, yes this is also resistance.
It is resistance, correct, this is also resistance.
This is resistance, this is also resistance.
which string is this what this
It is strong and yes by the way this too
There is resistance nearby, is it strong?
No, it is weak strung.
Weak, Strong, Strong also has V category
Are. This is the strongest. Why
Price held and next gap
Down. For your understanding right now, if
Now if anyone sees this on Medium
reaching that okay I'm strong week
I will not keep it. I also want to understand Medium.
I try to. So this is also a medium.
This is medium. This is also on very weak category
It is not coming. Very strong category
It is not coming either. But if you want to keep it simple
If there are things then this is the strongest. This
Is a Strongest
Resistance. Logic Price Action. If here
Pay bearers are slightly active, market gap
Down open. Try to understand the price.
Now we are back to candlesticks. Price
Gap down open. It is open here. Here
Bayer tried his best. And
Bayer completed the opening gap down
I used my strength. So when I could come here
So the price could have come up to this also. No
Came. The selling pressure was so much that even
He did not come and left a gap here.
Gaya Market and then straight down to Pullback Again
The last try failed
Went. So this is a medium category stock
Is. There is a resistance. But this is the
Strongest. So now we're going to take the time frame now.
Watching the hour. This sorry was for 5 minutes.
But anyways you got the point. We are partners now
Let's see. But I hope you got the point
Between strong and weak.
So how is strong and weak being defined?
If I tell him to you in one line and
The easy way to explain it is this
How
Price
Reacts you have to see this like if we if
We go on the internet like this, you will search
Support Resistance Videos 1000 Videos Read
have happened and in that everybody says not this
If the level is broken, I will buy this level.
If it breaks, I will sell it, it is strong.
Is. This is week. Everything is useless. To all
The important thing is how the price reacts.
Ok? You understand the price there.
How did you react? on that basis you can
Tell me clearly or not, yes it is strong.
This is week. This is the first thing. accept it
Price, now I am moving on to the lecture.
Ok? Support resistance. Now this to you
I know this is a strong resistance
Is. This is kind of medium. All this week
It is week. Now it will take time to become strong.
Secondly, what strong resistance is there here?
But I will sell it as soon as the market comes? No. People
It is said that this is sting resistance.
He will come here. Shorten it as soon as you get here.
Will take. Can't do it. First I Used to Do
It. It is not like that. I already know
Was. Had I known this beforehand, I would have avoided losses.
Should have done it earlier and the journey would have been much better
It would have been. It doesn't rub so much. Yes.
But the reality is that even if the price comes here
Even if it goes, we have to shorten it.
See that here how price
Reacts
Right
Ya got it so there are two things that you
I will summarize once more so that you don't forget.
No, go strong support, weak support, this
Drawing this drawing on the basis of
What is coming after him? only this
I don't see that the price just fell from here.
Is. If it has fallen sharply then this support
It became strong. I have woken up fast, I am weak
Went. No, the price was exactly there.
How he reacted, understand his reaction.
This is the first thing. On that basis you
You will decide whether it is strong or weak.
Is. The second thing is if after this happens
The price has also reached your strong support.
Or even if it comes to strong resistance
Check the price before entering
How is he reacting after coming there? Now
Some examples of React are
I will understand tomorrow. Is consolidating. Straight
There is a breakout. Breakout is retest.
Trying to hold the price.
There is no momentum. We will see all these things tomorrow.
Will understand. Definition of each word
I will understand it well. Ok? but this should be
Your Thing. So whatever your checklist is
Keep it in that. Support Resistance. Me
I understood. This is support, this is a
Resistance. Now in the same support resistance
I am giving the summary here. There is one week
Resistance, one is strong
Resistance. Deciding Weak Resistance
It is on the basis of price reaction. and if
Any particular is an area. assume this
I looked here for supporting examples.
Is there anything in it?
When the market is falling from here
If it was there then no one could say that the market would
will move above the place. No One Knows But One
What can an analyst or a good trader do?
Was? He could see that Price was near here.
How am I reacting? This is his hand
It happens in. So I could see it here
That's okay, the price here is quite high.
You have held it well. But very strong zone
This is not it. It would be great to come here
If you see some entries then it is fine otherwise avoid
Will do zone already broke straight away something
The market did not react at all.
After that this zone is very strong.
No, because there's a dead end right next to it.
There is a dead end, after that down and then straight up
If there is a zone near the dead end,
If so, this is the best zone and the other is a dead end.
Did the market come and reverse near
yes, it goes up very well
It hasn't happened but the reverse happened 1 on 1 something like that
Or let's just assume 1, something like 1:1.5
If you got a swing trade, you got it.
will be. Because it was very good, so the momentum came.
Not there. How did all this conclude?
go here
Reacts. Now what will happen when you leave here? You
Will you open the chart? Okay, one more example
I will show you. I am currently trading recent
I will show you.
TCS 4 Hour My Future in TCS is Still On
Is. You can say future or you can say I took 100
Have kept it. Ok? 150 160 quantity how much
Is there quantity? I bought 300 quantity
Was. Removed half. Half of I Still Have It.
How much quantity is there? one minute
Look Currently in loss. Two Star Lots
There were total. Ok? So what is the total quantity?
Do I have it right now? I have ₹14 right now
Something worth lakhs is a share of market value.
Ok? Assume a quantity of 300 for ₹475,000
Roughly 350 quantity. Now
Understand that a question is coming for you.
A B C Tell me which code is which
where is A B C
You will do exactly right
Shakti is and yes he is Siddharth Mishra
Very good and nice Siddharth will do average
three level
In good example, this shows that you have some
Experience in the Market Good Late Ho Gaya
Many people missed joining the class.
It doesn't matter, everything is recorded, no need to
Vary consolidation also supports resistance
can assume can assume
C Dead End Correct Correct. Now out of this
Strongest if seen at Sea Dead End
Is. C is dead end.
Ok? Now is the price better than here?
Fell quite low. The results are also very good today
Didn't come out well. I was expecting
The results may be a little better. So butt
Do you know what I did before? I
I had bought 50% quantity here.
I did my 50% quantity buy.
At the last moment I was waiting for this
Time. still waiting
Am. He will come here. I will add my full
Quantity. This is a dead end. But I
By the way, why enter it? Since this is equity
And I have my risk properly plundered that
Okay, after it comes, if it goes down then
I will close all my positions. because then
Dead is very big. Then look where the next dead
Is it on? Next Dead End
Is Here Which Will Be a Very Very Big Deal
If you look from here, a drop of another
This will increase by 5.23%, meaning it will be worth Rs 28 lakh.
5% will be around 1 something a few lakh yes I
I am not ready to risk it because of that.
You won't get a reward this good, this is
My detention so if now here conclusion
It comes out that okay, now don't get confused in this.
It should be that this is how to enter the institution
Don't understand it as it is, just this here
Understand that if you want the best zone. You
You are sitting here with the best thing. So
If you have patience then this is the best zone.
What's yours? This area. will come here
We will say bye. Anything here
It will cook. It will go up from here. We have no
No regrets
Needed You can make an analysis and enter the market
Going. You don't control the market
Can. So your strong zone analysis
He is saying that if you come here then I will say bye.
I will do it. Before this the reverse happened. In this
So okay, no problem. It is coming.
Suppose you did some analysis intraday
You won't feel so bad because I
B. Today's trade was missed, it will be visible tomorrow.
I will see you the day after tomorrow. Missed the swing.
Suppose the market completely reverses from here.
If I had gone up like this, I would have got a better result.
So a big candle is formed and it stands like this.
Standing in the market there, come here
go. You will think that I am strong.
I was waiting. Strong did not come at all.
Ok? I am giving some such basically examples
I am trying to explain this to you
That you should not make this blunder in the market. it
Those with Fear and Loss Those with Fear and Greed
Don't get caught up in that. Ok? So if your
The analysis is that if you want to enter here then
It has to be done here only. to do with the past
Not there. My plan was that I will
Enter this then I will enter this will enter
Dec. something like that and that's what's going on
Now. So now I hope you are strong and weak
I understood it well. by the way in this
There is another confirmation also. There is one in this
Concept which is the concept of SMC
Of the smart money concept. Ok? So that
Is also there. Induction like a zone
Is. So there would be some rules for the indulgence zone.
Are. If you need to catch the inducement zone
So we will learn that later. That too confirmation
As it is. Don't take it just for the sake of support
I have been. There is definitely support. But
When an inducing zone is beyond support
It is formed, something like that is also taking shape
Here. Meaning the price action should be the same
Used to be. Same as the Inducement Zone. So that
There is another confirmation too, so I put it on hold.
I have also done it. My profit was just now it
Almost break even at around ₹401
I am.
Okay all so just super resistance of yours
Homework 40 charts. Now in 40 charts
It's up to you. You have to pay 4 hours
Is. You mark 4 hours. You have 5 minutes
40 charts have to be marked in this itself. You 5
Mark it in minutes. going back and different
Have to have it in stock. Stock them separately.
You are totally free. But still if you like my
Do I need guidance or not, in which one?
If I do, I will
So you are 50 companies of Nifty 50. in 50
Choose your 40 from there and go into it
Mark support resistance. Simple Answer
If not, you can do this too
that you have chosen 35 stocks and five
Take the index. Sussex took, bank niffy
I took it, Nifi took it. Then Nifty
It is useless. Nifty Next 50 took 1 2
3 4 more
And you can also buy Mid Cap Nifty. Mid
Cap, you can do it just like that. ok all right now
Now if you have any questions related to this
So you can ask in chat. One Hour's Son
I didn't make one hour 15, I made 1 hour 5
Told to break in a minute.
Why is Laiba in such a hurry? I told
I will not tell you further. So why are you getting stressed?
Then don't worry, we will do it further, don't worry.
Just focus on this and clear everyone's homework.
Happen
I should know which is actually a lot
He puts in effort himself, he puts in effort
I can see it well and I am slowly
Slowly slowly slowly I am trying to
Build a very very good
Team Because Ye Trading Na Bahut Lonely
There is a field. It is a very lonely field. I bless
I am able to do
Most of all we can get appreciated
Get all these things. ok now i will take all
of the questions
We are strong and weak just now I will
Explain in the end okay
ok dead and i repeat don't worry
YouTube to join YouTube class
Wala class join is not that much in YouTube
Now you think I will have so much time.
I sit for two hours and sometimes I do it
There too I took it, it was not like that, I don't
take it but every time regularly i not there
So when here also we are getting best knowledge than
Why no need to join live analysis?
Do that a lot
Siddharth is very good at back testing.
Question back testing is still in progress
Support to practice in testing
Regarding marking support/resistance
Like when we're marking that zone we should
Cover The Wick of the Candle Very Good Good
Question Aman watch whenever you support
Let's say you draw resistance here.
I have to draw a body from here now.
Should I take it from here or from the entire body like this
If I take it from the whole wiki, the correct answer is you.
You take it completely week to week here.
If I have to draw it, it will be like
You have to cover this entire week here
If I have to draw support then it
It will be like this here if I draw
If you want to do it, it will be like this
Ok? The entire wick to wick draw has to be done.
Okay, I will try to find some such cases.
Yes, I have come here. Now look at this case
We can see the wick. 2 feet away
Hi Vic. So can we draw zones like this here?
do? No.
If the wick is very
If it has covered more range then in that situation
in whatever wherever you are drawing from
Nearest wicks around the same area
Yes, you just take that area. That's it.
Ok?
And whatever has been sold to the fullest extent, it
Your Liquidity Hunt Area
Is. If we look at it in short form,
We Can Call It Age LA. Liquidity Hunt
There is area. Now what is its use? Real
in the market
We will say goodbye here. accept our
Stop loss is placed and after stop loss is placed
Later, if you come to the liquidity hunt area
Then the market is giving us entry, so
We don't have to think that the support will break.
Already happened. No, the market will reverse from here also.
It is possible But we are not just waiting here.
do. In case stop loss is hit
re-enter
Will take. If you get it then accept it here
The market has created a dominance candle for you.
Gave. Ok? I am explaining again. And
You have entered cross entry here
Took it. The market went down from here. Now
Went down. All in one candle
If it goes down then the work is over. Butt Man
Come down and wait a bit and then you get a
Did you see a rejection candle here again?
If a dominance candle is visible then our second
We will enter again. re-enter
Will take it in the same position. Till when? just that
Somewhere in the middle of the liquidity hunt area
But only in that case in which there is a lot
A much longer big is made. Not every time
It is made. Look, there is nothing here.
And let's see if there's anything behind?
There is nothing here either. Nothing is there
In extreme cases, you will see extreme
In cases. So here it is so big, so
This is the only place in the larger chart.
Is. How big is the range?
These? This is a range of about 2 years. in 2 years
Once it happened
Is. So ah extreme once in ah that one.
This is the scene. But This Is How We Have to
to to to tackle tackle this this. have a question
Regarding warm marketing support. Ok.
It's already clear Aman
Yes, in one hour there is a break of 5 minutes per candle.
Will be able to trade only minimum 1:2
It doesn't matter, he is getting up to two
Okay, keep doing it till pick bus two.
Screenshot leke aa sakko but am free ka
Do Good Another Thing Bank Nifty 13i
Think it is November 13 only, from November 13 the bank
Nifty's weekly expiry is coming to a close
Only monthly expiry will remain and that's it.
So
Happy, it will be a very good decision
This what is index index okay so
Index R When we look at a lot of companies
If they are combined, they have an average form.
For example, let's say a for
Example: There are 12 students in a class.
There, someone just came with 10% marks.
Someone got 20% marks, someone got 30% marks, like this
What did we do after doing this, we said this
Class D average
then the indexes are like averages of multiple
Things. So what is Bank Nifty? Bank
Nifty Bank has all 12 banks. 12
There is an index of banks. These 12 banks overall
How are those Bank Nifty performing?
You will know after seeing it. India's Top 50
Nifty shows how the company is performing.
You will know after seeing 50
Will go. Correct
It's Week
Resistance See Weak Resistance
Primary Criteria of Weak Resistance
This is how much the price has fallen from there.
How much have you travelled and how have you fallen?
For example, this is resistance. Here
How much has the price fallen from Hardly
Has gone. It has gone down only a little. These
There is resistance. Price is reasonable from here
Has gone down. Very good, okay, that's it
Is. This is the strongest resistance.
So week
Consider this also as Resistance Week. If
If it is considered middle then call it middle middle category.
You can. Otherwise consider this also as weak.
Resistance Stung
Resistance. This hold zone.
You can complete your homework tomorrow. You
Have free time. You do your homework
No. If you finish it even after two days
There is no problem. But you have to do it. Ah
Is It Better to See 50 Different Charts
Right? Right now Aditya if you don't
Want to Become a Day Trader and If You Want
How to Do Swing Trading and Positional
Trading You Should Take 50 You Should See 50
Charts. But if you want to do day trading
Yes, scalping has to be done, all this day
Comes in the trading zone only. For him
Just One Chart.
No problem Vikas 1 2 let it happen, ok everything will happen
Answers given
15 minute support for scalping
Rahul's resistance is not good for intraday
ok for
Safe support resistance draw now
do it. We are looking for a lower time frame for entry.
You can plan your entry by visiting here.
Ok? Or think of it like this: a perfect cut
This is up. We spent 5 minutes on scalping.
Draw support resistance in. 1 minute
Pay go sorry not one but two lower time frames
Happened. Moving to the two lower time frames, we
You can plan your entry. So if
We support scalping in 5 minutes
If you draw resistance, you will get entry in 1 minute.
Are doing. If in intraday in 15 minutes
If you draw support resistance then after 5 minutes
making an entry
Are. Higher Highs in Support Resistance
Don't make it every day. Abdul Ali Let the Support Be
Support. We will not discuss the market there.
Pe right now we.
Well done Roshan Very Good in 15 minutes
Draw Days to be drawn in 15 minutes
You can also do the time frame in minutes.
It's free, wherever you want to do it, in 5 minutes
Do it in 15 minutes, do it in 1 hour, don't
matter
ok deepraj, I will tell you in points
Right now our homework needs to be completed by
Monday yes saloni you can complete by Monday
Also everything is clear very good
Harish Ah
A I Don't Now Ask Next QnA
Yes Bank Nifty 520 Yes Premium Quote
Premiums will become higher
It's good to increase in volume
Actually Price Action in Ashutosh Price
How is that price action playing out?
All these things which you are which are
Trying to understand our price is the same
Trying to understand through it all
action
Bank Nifty 5 min time frame Pay Fourth
Candle Weekly Rejection Market Up Yes OK
no
I am traveling for the upcoming 10 days on business.
Work is fine Divyanshu no problem I will
Say that if you are traveling ah to live
It's okay if you can't join the class.
If we have finished class today with let's
Having the same class as the next class
Finish it first like we just finished class today
If you do this 12 1 12 then you are almost saved.
Okay, no, it's 1:00 PM, right now, until 1:00 PM.
B it will go into the app so you can see this one
You can watch the class anytime till tomorrow, that is tomorrow.
Finish it anytime before class, okay?
So that you maintain that flow and not your break
yes
Only Strong Now Imam If We Have Less Trade
If we want more accuracy then we
We will work only on strong and we
If accuracy is low but trades are high
If so, we will draw both weak and strong.
We will draw and consider both.
It is a good, it was a good, very good
Question. If you come to this on your own
Now you have to see what I have for you.
It is suitable. If I'm feeling accuracy
It should be quite high. Meaning, whatever trade I take
I'll take solid. Even though I spend one day
Should I take a trade or take one trade in 2 days? So
You can only focus on strong zones.
Focus. Simply ignore the week.
If you understand some very good price
It seems that the price is building up there.
But then you can do Kansa otherwise he
Simply avoid it. This Is the First Thing and
I'll also see the week whether you want it or not.
I will also look strong and understand the price.
If I come, I will not take I-Tech entry, then you
You can consider both. what am I
Do I? I watch both and in that affair
I also have stop losses. No difference
It would have happened. Don't let it matter. The market is
But trades are also available then
Good ones.
You Can Skip the Large Simply
You will not get it soon but in case if
He has become such a big week in front of you.
If yes, then you are confused in the live market
If you ask what should I do then you have the answer
As far as there is peace, there is liquidity.
There is area. There is nothing under the wick. Where
Liquidity is available till
Is. We Simranjeet, your question is absolutely correct.
Is. If any resistance breaks
So that becomes support. If any support
It breaks and becomes resistance.
We will understand tomorrow, it is tomorrow's chapter. Don't worry. V
will learn this
Thing. I will explain. Don't worry.
I Answer All The Questions
If any question remains then ask again
send it, repeat it, copy it
You can also draw in the running market by doing
Yes Pradeep, but practice now.
Equity Hunt Gopal will make you understand
To understand order flow
What is the next morning, I don't know
Thank you so much Ali, thank you so much, thanks
for dear
We are almost done but I will say that I can leave now
Don't do it. right now just stay here okay don't
Just Leave Right Now
We already have support if there is someone nearby
Abhishek Lets
If there are any zones nearby then which
The last one is the strongest, isn't it?
Because that is what actually happens in the market.
The market took a big turn
Is. The very last one is rejected dead end head.
Isn't it so Radant will be the strongest
Mind but because even before that the market
If the reverse has happened then entry is found there
If it is below then we can enter 20-30%
If it goes, we will average it. It turned from here
If you agree then we will make profit. No me
Okay then we go with three yes okay Shan now
I will take the point now, don't
worry
We are on the same day
ok alright now
See now to enter what you do is first thing
So don't even consider entering right now.
Because until we have this complete support
There is no benefit until you understand.
Ok? But just like that for your
Knowledge Open Bank
Nifty. Don't try to mix it now. Now!
Draw the support rest and look at it.
How's Price doing there? don't take
Entries on This Thing. But still you know
How do candles work?
Are. So if for example we look at this chart
We are complete. Ok? Strongest in this
Which support
Is? A B
C A This is
A This is B and this is C. Ok? In this
Tell me which is the strongest area
Me.
Where else can we take the trade?
Tell me that. In which zone?
Sea is the
Strongest Correct Va Nice Mission Success
C is the strongest B is in the zone
You can take the trade. Vai Good Vikas B Wale
We can take trades on the zone. Now Anytime
You can take the trade. I'll tell you very
Good. Everyone understood. Look at this zone.
It is very close. its right next here
There is not much range in this. 50
is the range of the point. So much range in intraday
There is no benefit in taking 50 points. 10 20
So suppose if the spot stop loss is done then
20-30 points doesn't make sense. So B
We can take our trade at the point
Hain Long Ka. In which case can they take it?
Are? If this is my first trade of the day
So I trade on zone B.
I will take it. Suppose I have two trades with two stops.
The losses must have already been set and I know it.
That this is my third stop loss. If in this
If the stop loss is reached then I am out
From the game.
Okay, right? So what will I do for him then?
Do I know? My third stop loss is very
I will take it safely. So I'll wait straight away
Of Sea Point. Or if B has some
Got a lot of confirmation, understand the price.
If I come well then I might enter
On B. How to enter now? Us
Dominance candles are known. We get rejection
I know the candle. If this is a support area
Come near us and give us a clear strong
Dominance looks
Is. A dominance candle will be formed here.
His high cross will do. Below that is our
There will be a stop loss. That's it. It's that
Simple. Or it might be clear
Rejection.
Strong This is the strongest zone. So,
The candlestick may be a little loose here.
Will go. Loose edge in that suppose sometimes a little bit
Looks like an imperfect candle. that much
Strong candle is not visible. But
Because it is our first trade of the day. Us
I feel like taking a trade. So, I
Took the trade.
Ok? But here in B I am completely
Trade only if there is a perfect dominance candle
I will take it. Otherwise I will not do anything. I will be sitting
Calmness
From. You should also remember this theory of saving money.
Is
To you. Money Saved
Equate Money
Arndt. This theory also has to work. Just now I think
This is about last year. We are one
We had taken the trade.
And that trade went I think it was
And we were actually waiting for our stop loss
It wasn't that much. We were waiting to develop
Price action. There was some rot in the end market.
Think there was some news. There was something like that.
And we had a stop loss plan in that.
Around ₹ to ₹2.5 lakh. Kind of
That was a positional trade. And it went to know
He incurred a loss of around ₹7 lakh.
From this to this. All of a sudden and we were
Shocked as to what to do now? What to do? What
What to do? Then it again I think next three days
He also recovered within a year. it came back
Two ₹1 lakh loss. So, should we go from there again?
Should I take this brain back or not now?
We planned this entire project for ₹5 lakh.
Was. In this we are investing ₹6 lakh against ₹5 lakh.
I will take away a profit of Rs 1 lakh. No. No.
We closed it at around ₹1 lakh
Was. And then after that, if he doesn't
If I had closed it back then it would have
He went below that too. So it means 10-12 lakhs.
Till what point does he look lost? What is the theory here?
I? The concept came in handy. Money Saved Equals T
Money Earn. If money is saved, it means earning money.
Took. This is also a theory. So I me friend
It was not visible there that oh oh
I am incurring a loss of Rs 1 lakh. no me
It appeared that I had a loss of Rs 7 lakh. 6
Lakh covered. 1 lakh cut over
do it. Because it is not according to plan.
Ok? So that was a small incident. This way
Many incidents have happened. But It Was Enough
To give you the example that yes money saved
What is Equ to Money? So the same theory
I will apply here that if my
This is the last trade. I understand him very well
Is. So I will go only for the
The Strangest One. This is my first trade.
I know or not, yes I can take another loss.
So then let me just say a little bit here.
Dominance candle is formed like this, okay and
It also has such a big wick that it is
Incomplete candle is something like this to
I will take the trade if its a high cross
I'll take the trade Perfect Dominance
If it is there then it is good, if not then I will take it
I will take it and if the last trade is not done
I will take
Who took the trade? What was the Uturn?
This U-turn
But this could have happened but it got worse. huge
There is a difference in this. And what about a U-turn somewhere?
market
In? Hum Hear a Very Good U-turn But 1 Not
found. Didn't find any significant RR. It's 1:1
Only. So for now, since you are only using 1:3
You are carrying M. So for now this
There is a stop loss. But this is explosive.
Ok. That was it.
Right see you tomorrow by goodness so I hope
You will understand the following
Part pe hum log mange support
Resistance as Types of Support
There is resistance, apart from that you have also
You must have understood in the video that support
Resistance, which sounds very simple.
He actually does a very big chapter.
This is because if we look at support resistance
If we go by, they would be of three types in themselves.
Are. Support Resistance Horizontal
Feb Retracement Trend Line All Are Kind
of support resistance and each one in it
There are fakes in support resistance
Breakouts Then There Are Real Breakouts
There are no trap entries, multiple things are
There, so it's a big chapter to cover completely.
If so, maybe a video of four to five hours.
Banega Jaake Anyways next part we will
We will understand it in more detail and better.
Hope you have understood everything till here.
say well and see you next one
