Price doesn't move randomly. It gets
 
pulled towards liquidity. And once I
understood where that liquidity is, I
became a lot more profitable. But most
traders still struggle with liquidity
because the way it's taught is just way
too complicated. So today, I'm breaking
down the only liquidity trading strategy
worth learning. Three simple steps, and
we'll go through live trade examples to
show you exactly how this plays out on
the charts. Just smash that like button,
subscribe to the channel, watch the
disclaimer, and let's dive in.
Step one is identifying liquidity. But
before we can, we have to know where it
actually sits in the markets. And the
truth is liquidity sits in very, very
obvious places because liquidity is
simply where traders put their stop-
losses. So where do traders put their
stop- losses? Well, in this example, we
have a very obvious level of support and
all the stop losses are going to be
below this level. Traders see this level
being respected on multiple occasions
and expect that level to be respected
again. So, they set up their buy trade
on that position and then they get
knocked out before the trade inevitably
goes in their position and hits their
takerit. This obvious liquidity sweep
knocked them out of the trade. And the
same thing goes for sells. There's an
obvious level of resistance. Traders put
their stops above this level, set up
their short positions, get ready for a
big win, and then boom, look at that.
The liquidity sweep knocks them out for
a loss again before the trade went
perfectly in their direction. So, by
knowing where liquidity is, I avoid
stupid losses and get high probability
trades. And this happens every day in
the markets. We get an obvious level.
Liquidity is below that level. It gets
swept out of the markets. Then the price
reverses all the way up hopefully to
take profit. Let me show you some
examples. We have the obvious level. We
get the liquidity sweep and then the
price reversal. The obvious level, the
liquidity sweep, and that price
reversal. The obvious level, the
liquidity sweep, and then the price
liquidity sweep, then the price
reversal. Obvious level, liquidity
sweep, price reversal. Obvious level,
liquidity below, liquidity sweep, price
sweep, price reversal. And the last
time, baby, the obvious level, the
liquidity sweep, and the price reversal
all the way up. Now, before we get into
step two and I show you exactly how I
determine a trade after a sweep, I want
to explain why this works. I call this a
simple institutional trade ladder.
Retail traders like you and I don't have
large enough trades to move the market
up, but institutions do. So, let's say
an institution wants to get into a buy
order right here. There simply won't be
enough liquidity to get all their orders
at this price. So, they have to buy here
and they buy here and they buy here
because they're pushing the price up
with their big orders, creating an
institutional trade ladder where they're
getting a worse price. but they don't
want a worse price. They want all their
orders at the original price. So
instead, we have our obvious level of
support here. And then you have all of
the retail stop-losses down here. And
the institutions will push the price
into those stop- losses, absorb all of
these sell transactions, and then they
could actually build a large position at
the original price they actually wanted.
And that's where the real move really
begins. So that's how it works. Now, I'm
going to show you how I use it. And make
sure to smash the like button if this
has helped you at all. And leave a
comment for your chance to win five free
VIP spots. And let's get into step two,
sweep or run. Once liquidity is taken,
you'll either get a liquidity sweep or a
liquidity run. For this strategy, we
want to focus on the sweep. We've got
the support level right there. We get
the sweep and we get the reversal. We
want to avoid the [music] run. In this
example, obvious level of resistance.
Looks like we're getting a sweep here,
but instead we get continuation in the
form of a run. I find the sweep gives
way more consistent trading results,
which is why I focus on that in my
liquidity trading strategy. So, let me
show you how to avoid a run with two
examples. So, let's say we're looking at
this gold chart. We have our obvious
level of resistance. If a run is going
to happen, it's going to be because of
an impulsive break. So really, we're
always waiting for the candle closure.
Don't have the short position ready
right here because if the candle breaks
out impulsively and closes, it's very
likely we're going to see a run. Here's
another example. We have our obvious
level of support and then we play out
the chart. What happens? We get the
impulsive break and close. That means
we're very likely to get the run on
liquidity. So, as I play this out, get
the run on liquidity. it pushes down. So
to avoid the run, just make sure there
is no impulsive break. We just want to
see a candle come down and wick down
here. Just a wick. Okay? Right? We've
got our body like that. We want to see
the wick and then we're going up. Now is
the most important part. Step three,
execution. Let's get into some actual
trades. For this part of the strategy,
I'm on the hourly time frame. That's
where I'm looking for the liquidity
sweep. Once I get the sweep, I'm looking
for the reversal, so I'm only looking
for buy trades. Then I come down to the
5-minut time frame. We just had the
sweep occur right here. So again, I'm
looking to place buy trades. And as you
probably know, right now I'm an orb
trader, so I'm looking at the first 15
minutes from 9:30 to 9:45, and I'm
marking out the candle high and the
candle low. This creates my trading
range for the trading session. And all I
want to see next is a candle break and
close outside of the range with
displacement, which is exactly what I
get right here. This is another
indication that I'm looking for buys and
that I have positive momentum. [music]
After that, I'm looking for my point of
interest. And the candle printed a level
of demand right here. This is the red
candle before the big push up with big
green candles giving us [music]
displacement. A price push this
aggressive tells me that smart money is
likely going to be resting at this
demand level looking to get in on buy
positions. So now I am simply waiting
for the price to come back to that level
of demand test that level and give me
some sort of indication that I can get
into a trade which it just did. It gave
me a bullish engulfing pattern. The red
candle right here is engulfed completely
by the green candle right here, which is
the next step of momentum telling me I
want to place a buy position. So, on
that candle closure, I'm going to get
into the trade. I'll have my stop loss
below this recent level here, and I'll
put my takerit all the way up here
because we have a strong level of supply
that I may get a reaction off of. So,
this trade is ready to go. Liquidity was
swept. We had the displacement push and
candle closure outside of the orb. We
respected the level of demand and got
our bullish engulfing pattern. So, the
only thing left to do is play the
position out. And you could see it
started to go in my direction with some
big candles. There clearly were some
buyers at that level of demand. And then
I smashed the takerit perfectly. Now,
obviously after a liquidity sweep, you
can enter a trade on support and
resistance, supply and demand. It
doesn't always have to be an open range
breakout, but if you like that trade, I
have a trading robot that does the exact
same thing every single day in the
markets and a VIP trading room. Check
the links in the description to both of
those right now. Smash a like button,
comment, consider watching this video
right here or watch this video right
here. And I'll be back next week. Much
love.
