Since there was such high demand on my
 
previous YouTube video with all things
orb and the orb strategy, I did mention
I would eventually do a gold orb video.
And I am currently in a trade using this
gold orb strategy. You can see that I'm
up about, let's say, $1,800 to $2,000.
And while I am managing this trade, I
wanted to walk you guys through why I
entered, how I entered using the orb
strategy and the way that we personally
use it at Peachy to get really really
sniper entries, especially when we have
something like a strong bullish trending
day or just trend in general. If we have
a strong trending day and you want to
discount entries is a great place to
look for that. Now, I do have my stops a
little bit wider than I normally would
just because we have so much volatility
with Trump tweets coming out and what's
going on with the war, but I'm
ultimately going to show you how you can
get a smaller risk, higher reward
scenario as long as you're patient for
your entries. So, let's first break down
what orb is on gold and what time you
should draw them. And overall, just in
case you're new to orb, we'll break down
what that is as well. There will be
chapters below. So, if you are not new
to orb and you want to skip ahead, you
can absolutely do that. And then if you
stay till the end, I will break down
exactly what made me enter this trade in
regards to candle patterns and
ultimately what else is causing me to
enter this trade based on a larger point
of view analysis because that's really
really important to get your biased from
the larger point of view chart before
you zoom in to day trade. Very, very
important. So let's dive right into what
is orb and how you can use it to trade
something like gold. Okay, so you see
we're actually going into a little bit
of a draw down there for a minute, but I
have other things that I am paying
attention to, like this green trend line
that we're bouncing off of. And as long
as the candle bodies continue to close
over right around the 4794
level, right in here where my white
cursor is and white dotted line, I am
satisfied to stay in that position.
Again, I'm leaving a little bit more
breathing room because markets are so
volatile with what's going on with
tweets. So, I am going to leave a wider
hard stop. But if I saw something like
the candle start to close underneath
that level, I would consider just close
out my position. But back to orb and how
you can use it on gold. So first let's
talk about what is orb. Orb is just an
opening range breakout. So whenever
markets open, whatever instrument you
are trading, usually we open and we
range for the first 15 or 30 minutes,
right? And then we are looking for a
breakout of that range. That's the
traditional way to use orb is, you know,
if we're going to be a bullish trending
day, then you're looking to take a
breakout to the upside. If we're going
to be a bearish trending day, you're
looking to take a breakout to the
downside. I do have an entire video on
orb. If you're unfamiliar with the
concept, I highly recommend going to
check out that video as well. It'll
really help dial in what orb is and how
to use it. But this video is going to be
more geared towards gold orb because
there is a different opening for gold
versus something like indices. And
people oftentimes get confused by that.
So the gold open is going to be at 8:20
Eastern. All right, 8:20 Eastern time is
when you are going to start the orb for
gold. Now, you can do one of two things.
We do have a pre-market layered with a
market open and we have our own uh gold
orb indicator for the community, but you
can absolutely get a free one or just
mark it out yourself. This is Trading
View and they have tons of free
indicators. Um, but with our gold orb,
we have an advanced one. So, we have the
pre-market orb combined with the market
open orb. We're just going to focus on
market open orb for today's lesson
because you do not need premarket and
premarket is a little bit more advanced.
So the most common times to draw orb is
15 and 30 minutes. We like to put more
emphasis on 30 minutes because that
allows a full 30 minute candle to print
at open which gives you more data to
play off of. We really really like the
30 minute at peachy. So that's what
we're going to focus on today. So I went
ahead and turned our orb back on. You
can see this orange box right here which
I know it is hard to see because my
chart is very very bright and colorful.
Um, but you should be able to see
starting here, ending here, there is a
little orange box. I like to blend my
orb colors into my chart so they don't
stick out too much. Um, but right here
is the pre-market orb. Like I said, you
guys don't really need that. Uh,
everything I teach you today will be
sufficient to make this work. So, I'm
going to go ahead and remove that so
you're not confused. And not to get
ahead of myself, but there's also an
Asian open orb as well. So, if you trade
the Asian session for gold, you can
absolutely take advantage of orb. It is
not just for the New York session. Okay,
so now I reset the chart. You can see
that we have our orb on the chart here
and it represents the first 30 minutes
of open. So remember, markets open for
gold around 8:20 a.m. Eastern. And then
you're going to mark the high and the
low of that first 30 minute range, which
can be seen by this box. Like I said,
I'm sure there are in other indicators
that are free. I actually haven't looked
up if there's one for gold, but it's not
hard to manually draw this yourself. Uh
so first 30 minutes of open the high and
the low and that will be your range. Now
the traditional way it's taught is
you're waiting for a breakout of that
range to then take it long or short. In
this case we broke out above and you can
see it actually ended up playing out
nicely where you could have took this
long scalp up once we broke out of the
top of orb. Now the theory is if we're
going to break the top of that range we
should have a bullish bias day. If we're
breaking the bottom of the range we
should have a bearish bias day. But
that's not actually the way that I like
to personally use it. One of my favorite
ways to use orb, especially if we have a
large range, is using the 50% of that
orb range for entries. So, if we're
holding over 50% and we have something
like a bullish bias day, why? Because we
broke out of the high of orb, then I
would rather wait for a retrace to where
50% of Orb. Why? because that's going to
be the discounted range for that day.
And you can see that is exactly where I
waited patiently to get my entries. What
did I do? I set an alert and then when
we got to that 50% range, I watched the
candlestick reactions to then take my
entry. With our orb, we already have the
50% marked. Again, it's really hard to
see and I do that on purpose just cuz I
don't like to clutter my chart, but the
dotted line is right here around
47.9540.
So, it's no coincidence when we came
down, what did we do? Do you see these
reactions? These are very bullish
reaction type candles. Why? Because we
only see wick when this level is hit.
Not to mention, we had another key area
here represented by this green trend
line, which I will show you guys in a
minute. So, that's a double confluence
area for me, meaning very high
conviction. So, when we're coming down
and I'm seeing the candle bodies close
above this level, I'm seeing long wicks
on the bottom signaling buyers. That
gives me a really really nice spot to
enter heavier in size than I normally
would. Why? Because my risk can be a lot
smaller. So if I want to let the
position breathe, I could then risk the
bottom of orb, which is a very, very
common thing to do. So if you're
entering 50%, you want to risk the
bottom of orb. But if I want a really
tight risk, then once that candle reacts
here, I'm looking for a reversal signal.
A reversal signal can be something as
simple as a downtrend break, guys.
Right? So, I only use trend lines when
we're near a KPL, which is a key pivot
level. Right here would be a key pivot
level because it's 50% of orb. It's a
significant level where I assume buyers
or sellers are sitting, right? And then
I'm gauging that reaction. This was a
bullish reaction. Therefore, I know my
trade plan becomes invalid if this
reaction area fails. So, therefore, I
can put my stop once we have a reversal
signal right underneath that reaction
area. And boom, I have a very very tight
risk high reward. Where is my target
going to be? Well, usually if you're
trading at 50% of orb, you can trade
then from 50% of orb back to the top of
orb. It really acts as magnet levels. So
the top and bottom of orb acts as a
magnet. And you want to pay attention
obviously to other price action. I'm
going to remove that. Clear this up a
little bit. So, you want to pay
attention to obviously other things like
market structure and any other key pivot
levels you have. But like I said,
usually, and that's what we're doing
right now, we're actually at the top of
Orb. So, this is a great place for me to
either suffocate my position or look to
exit my position. Now, considering I'm
up like $3500, $3,700, I'm going to just
go on ahead and hit the close button
because that is a very, very solid day's
work. And again, all I did was take it
at 50% of orb, waited patiently for a
retrace, right? And yes, we might go
further, but I don't need to catch the
entire move. I just need to have a
calculated piece of the move. And then
my target was high of orb. Now, I'm not
a big fan of takerits. I don't usually
use those in my trades. I wait till we
hit my level. If we hit my level and I
see us stalling some, I'll just hit the
close button. But you could have easily
put a takerit there and then put your
stop loss here and just let the play
play out. Especially if you're somebody
who's very impulsive and can't seem to
just let your trade get to its target.
So overall, that's simple. That's it.
That's all there is to it, guys. Right?
The 50% of ORB is a great place to look
for discounted entries if we are having
a trending day in that first hour, per
se. So sometimes this means you have to
be patient and wait later in the day.
Other people who are more advanced might
use that level to scalp to the top of
orb even if we haven't broken out of it.
So if we're having a ranging day, you
can oftent times use that 50% level to
then trade it to something like the top
of orb if we're seeing a bullish
reaction or the bottom of orb if we're
seeing a bearish reaction. Now remember,
we're a big big fan of having multiple
confluences. So it's really nice if you
can have another reason like a larger
point of view biased to enter that
trade, which is exactly what I had for
today. And I'm going to explain how I
got that larger point of view biased.
And it's not complicated at all. It's
just basic market structure and trend on
a larger point of view chart. So going
into today, what I was paying attention
to is this morning at around 4:00 a.m.
my time, we came down and tested a
double KPL area that we had. This is
really, really important and a big part
of our strategy at Peachy. But you don't
need to know these KPLs in order to
understand why I was bullish biased
today. This just is a cherry on the top.
Why I was bullish biased coming into
today is because we then broke a
downtrend that we had on the 1 hour
chart. Almost said 4 hour, but this
one's the 1 hour. I usually do a lot of
analysis on 4 hour, but the 1 hour trend
was very clean and clear, so I use that.
We broke the downtrend and we had a
dogee and we were attempting to hold
over. So, in my head, I'm going to say,
okay, on that five-minute chart, not
only did we have bullish bias because of
Orb, we broke over orb, but we were also
very bullish if we could hold that
downtrend. So, now when we go back and
we zoom in here, do you see how that
trend line also aligned with my 50% orb
and that was giving me double
confluence? So that area was a very high
probability area if buyers stepped in,
which is why I went heavier in size,
which is why it was an A+ setup in my
book. And again, it's nothing super
complicated. You're zooming out to the
larger point of view chart. You're
understanding market direction. You're
getting a bias from that larger point of
view chart. Then you're coming in and
using orb to confirm that bias. And then
obviously you want to layer in anything
else you like to use in your strategy.
I'm a big fan of having KPLs in
alignment. KPLs again key pivot levels
can be let's say if you're a supply and
demand trader those are your supply and
demand zones that is your KPLs for us we
use various different KPLs big ones
being right here on my chart that you
could see where we caught buyers this
morning and that gave me very high
confidence in that bullish theory and
then it's just a waiting game right I'm
just waiting now yes I could have took
it short back there but since I'm
bullish biased I'd rather wait for the
long trade it's going to be a much
better reaction because we are bullish
push on a larger point of view chart.
So, trading with that larger point of
view trend will get you a much cleaner
trade. Usually, if you're fighting that
trend, it usually is harder. Doesn't
mean you can't take shorts. It just
means you need to be quick and ready to
react when your levels hit. You can see
we flushed right down to that area. Very
bullish reactions there. And that, guys,
is why I took that orb trade today,
which again, $3,700.
Really, really awesome A+ move. And
overall, like I said, for risk, I did
have a little bit wider risk on my
manual stops, but that was mainly
because we have so much news in the
markets nowadays. Now, the reality is my
actual stop-loss where I would have
canceled or closed my position is if we
started to candle body close underneath
this level. Okay, that signals to me
that we're losing that level and buyers
are not holding. So, do you see how when
we came down here last time, the candle
dropped under, but what did the candle
bodies do? they closed over. That is
what I want to see. And so I wait for
candles to come down, react, and as long
as those candle bodies are closing over,
the levels respected, my plan stays
solid, and therefore then I can move my
risk, my manual stops closer because I'm
not scared of getting wicked out. All of
that wick action already happened. So
risk right underneath the candlestick
reactions. If you want to go in heavier,
but if you are somebody who likes to let
your trade breathe and not go in as
heavy, you could absolutely risk the
bottom of orb. Now, I will say if you're
risking the bottom of orb, right, and
then you're taking 50% and then you're
targeting the top of orb, the risk
versus reward isn't phenomenal there,
but it is a higher probability setup. As
long as you have multiple confluences in
different areas, I personally will be
the one who leans more towards going
heavier with tighter risk versus using
the bottom up orb. I'm a bigger fan of
that. But if you were doing something
like targeting high of day, that would
have made much better sense from a risk
versus reward perspective. And that's a
wrap, guys. I hope this Orb Gold lesson
was helpful for you. Remember, 8:20 a.m.
Eastern, the first 30 minutes of market
open is the best time in my opinion to
use Orb on Gold. Lots of volatility. And
then you can also use Orb on the Asian
session market open. If you guys want
more examples, we do a lot more content
frequently on our Instagram channel, so
make sure to check that out. And then if
you guys want access to things like the
custom gold orb indicators, how we get
our KPLs, a toz courses and playbooks,
we also have live market analysis Sunday
through Thursday with the entire team,
multiple sessions, morning and evening
in the Asian sessions, which are also
study sessions. It's like a classroom
for learning all things how to trade. If
you guys are interested in that, check
out Peach Futures Academy down below.
But if you guys just want the free
content, make sure to subscribe because
we're going to do much more content on
YouTube. We're getting back in the swing
of things and I'm really, really excited
to put out more amazing free content for
you guys into the rest of the year. So,
in order for me to do that, it really
helps if you guys hit the like button
and share this. Post it on your
Instagram stories. Share it with friends
and family because we try our best to
post the best free content when it comes
to trading on YouTube. Thank you guys so
much for watching and I will see you
next
