Hi everybody. So this is in a particular video.
 
You will get to learn deep topics about
Candlesticks. topics that if you
Apart from this, if you go and search the internet then
You don't find videos of this level of concept.
Will see you. We have talked about this
About Blunt Candle. How is liquidity
Pending Remains and Pending Liquidity
Exactly what happens in the chart
We will understand about it. and both are correlative
Will try to understand how to do it. to the candle
How to validate? How a little
You can tell from the candlestick that the entire
How is the overall price behaving in the month?
Is. Because if a small candlestick
If you go and make it big, it will give you a lot
A complicated chart will appear. But
When we summarize it, how can we make it a simple
You Can Plan Your Hole Through Candlesticks
Month. You can plan your whole week, whole day.
And that is how I approach it. so something like that
This is going to be an amazing topic. Now
Along with this, please come to class now
Don't send any message because of current classes
There is no running. I have quit.
But below I have provided the Google form.
Is. Upcoming classes in that form whenever
All the people who fill that form
Those who give it will be given first priority.
Because seats in classes are always limited.
Is. So you will get that benefit. to whom
If you want to book advance seat then you
Go and fill the Google form and then you
Will get the details. And that was it. Let's
Start the video. I Get Profit Trade
On SBI Last Day and Today I am Not
Trading. Ok
We are perfect. perfect. Okay Nirav. noiseless
You are doing good. You are confused
The candlestick you are using. But I will
Suggest not to use confusion candlesticks
do it. Ok?
Because I don't use it. You are using it.
It's fine. If it is very good use to
If it is, it is great. There is no problem. But
I would still suggest not to use it. Today
Rejection Candle Worked Perfectly In
Nifty 50. very good.
Ok. Why isn't this happening to everyone? Ok
Everywhere if a candle has 90% body and 10%
Week. But the range is small, so is it a
Dominance candle? Yes, it is a dominance
Candle. 90% body and 10% weakness is dominance
Candle only. Okay Jai. Okay, let's
Start now.
Why did this suddenly become a date? one minute
[music]
Ok
Wet
We
Perfect Now
Focus So Last Time
We did this is not working I don't know why
Ok. So what did we do last time?
V
Have we seen dominance candle. Ok?
Then we have seen rejection candle last time
Pay and we saw the confusion candle. Correct
Is? If you tell me first, have you all done your homework?
Didn't you do it?
Don't tell any lie. I did not do it, I did not say
Give. If you have done it then say yes. Very true
Narrate.
Partially ok Dinesh, rest of the people are 50% done ok
yes Kanishka dun dun dun dun yes yes everyone has come
Hope not kara Niresh ok half Avantika half
Dun Dun Dun, it has been done perfectly
Yes, okay, let's do it, it's good that he is honest.
Good thing I like the honesty now
Whoever has done it, I hope everyone has linked it.
You must have created it in the drive, you know
By uploading
Everyone else who hasn't done it, please do it.
It is very varied, meaning you might take it
lightly that okay okay what is it class is there
It is fine, we will do it later, it doesn't matter
It does make a difference, but it does make a difference, okay, let's go.
Come back to the screen. I hope mine
The screen is visible to everyone. So we the people
Last time I saw a confusion candle,
Also seen dominance candle, rejection candle
Also saw. Do a small revision once.
and try to find it. This is 1
Hour is the time frame. Let's go for 5 minutes and
Let's see Dominance candle, Confusion candle
End Rejection Candle. A small example
So that a little revision can be done. After that
Then we will start further. So in front of us
This is a very good option for confusion candles.
Of. Confusion candle. Confusion candle.
Confusion candle. the one after that
There is only confusion. Ok? Confusion candle.
Confusion Candle Both of Them Confusion
Candle. Now you will see how to make a confusion candle.
After this the market does not move much.
It's like sideways. Correct
Is? Let me find more. Confusion candle.
Confusion
Candle. So I hope you get the idea of ​​confusion
It has been received.
Now if you still have confusion, use candle
If you want to do it, then how can you use it? When
This is rejection at any time at the top. this also
There is rejection. Butt top if you have let's
The price is going up, going up
It is going, it is going. And this is the peak
There is resistance. Let's try it too. see
Are. That is the best thing about this class
That we all can do everything on that live chat.
do. Ok? Let's say this was resistance.
For the price. Correct
Is? This one is zone resistance. Understood
Isn't it happening? Are we going fast? Meaning
Is the pace not becoming fast? tell me
One turn. Are you understanding this? which I
I am explaining. The screen looks the same
Everyone? I am also visible. Isn't it? Ok. So
What do we take with us? No one. Ok.
This is resistance. I haven't increased it yet
Resistance. But take a look. Such resistance
means that the price from here gives us
It appears to be falling. Good from Lets
The price broke above the resistance. So
It has just gone above the resistance. Accepting this
Look, if something had been made somewhere here
Like this. If here near the resistance
Red color candle is creating such confusion
So we can shorten it and green color
If there is confusion then support
You can pass by. Many people are interested in doing that
In some cases, the market reverses from there.
Is. Do I use this or not? But
Didn't I see this one going?
Seen in the chart. So why did I do this
Point out curry separately? Who just now? noiseless
The name was. I think who was there? This
Trade was taken on confusion candle. I will
Just Share Nirav. Yes. So silent that you
It's a good thing the trade was taken now. But his
The probability is usually low.
That's why I don't use it much. Correct
Is? Ok. I hope everyone of the Dominance candle
There is an idea. I hope everyone knows the Confusion Candle
There is an idea. Sometimes if the market is very
Makes big candles. This one from Let's
Candle. Now we know if it's a candle
It's very good. But it's my risk
It's too much. I might instead
You may not get that much reward. So either trade
Do not take or around half of the candle
Keep your stop loss. These are the only two options.
Ok? Now today we have two most important things.
There are those who understand. Blunt Candle
And after understanding blunt candle, we will understand
Why does it happen like this?
Ok? And you know the concept of liquidity.
You will also understand. It is an advanced topic
But I will explain it in such a simple way that you
Will it settle in your mind that it is okay? That's the
Point. The logic of liquidity blunt candles
Also applies to and normal candle
It also applies to me. Ok? I hope
Everyone is understanding it. I hope you are
Getting this point.
I am being clear, right? Do you understand?
Ok? Then after that blunt candle
Later we will understand the validation point.
How to validate candlesticks
Is.
Ok? All right. Now let's get back here.
Let's find a blunt candle first. Blunt understands
Are. What does blunt mean? and in front
I also saw the example. Very good. When?
What is this chart of? 26th December. Excellent.
Blunt candle means a if you right now
You will go and search it in Google, okay, if it comes
All the Questions Later
Well, if you go to Google and search it.
Now understand what is the meaning of blunt.
that has no end
flat
Okay, a rough cut that can be called something.
It's not smooth, I hope it's blunt
I mean, everyone understood it well, right?
Have you got the point, you can also do a Google search.
You can because that means being clear.
is a must. If the meaning is clear then you
Then you will be able to identify the candle easily. Ok?
Everyone understood, right? Blunt candle? My
Everyone should see thumbs up. It seems someone
Half the people are awake. Half the people are sleeping.
I will do more then next time I will turn on the camera
I will start getting it done for everyone. So I have to tell everyone
Thumbs up should be visible. that I understand that
Yes ok people are active. Ok? Fine. So
That's the main meaning of blunt candle.
What happens now? Why this candle form?
it occurs?
Look, if we walk and see the candle, then blunt
I spot candles only here and there
It is made on. One looks very good
The candle will go here
Pay. Look up here and you will see the wick.
If you speak in Hindi, its end will be visible.
But there is no wick at the bottom.
Ok? It's a blunt candle. And let's see.
It was made just recently. Look here too
The blunt candle remains. This look is blunt
There is a candle. ok let's look
Peacock. There's a blunt candle here. is this
Blunt is a candle? No. Vick is visible in it
Is. Liquidity has been filled. Ok?
That Is Not A Blunt Candle. This is in front of us
Blunt is a candle. This one.
and see
are blunt
Candle Blunt Candle
OK Blunt Candle
Done
Now here we have seen it, look at this two three
Blunt candles now I hope you spot
So I saw on the chart that there were so many
Spotted and just the chart of the moment
Is. There is no old one that that PDF
Be PDF. Everything is live. Now this to you
Where will you see it
Okay? I am
Sorry. On Liquid Charts. Ok? Let me
Make
It. Whatever liquid charts there are
You will get to see this blonde clearly
Candles. Now Liquid means like Nifty
50 is very liquid. Too much trading
it occurs. Trading at high volumes
It is there. Bank Nifty is done, Gold is done
Went. At the same place, if we keep some small stock
If you choose. where there is more
There is no liquidity. For example
Let me open the cell. Although
There is no small stock. But if the cell's
I will open the 1 minute time frame because
The mistakes people make when starting out
We do. Now you will see that hey friend
This is all becoming blunt candles.
Isn't it? so what does that mean? wherever
But you still see a candlestick like this,
Whether it appears monthly or weekly
Even if it appears in the daily. Its
Meaning, there is no liquidity there.
Is. There is no logic behind candlesticks.
Does not apply. infact candlestick
Forget it, the logic of the chart itself does not apply.
Is. Whatever ethics there are of charts
Liquidity to make everything work well
It is needed. where liquidity is low
There is manipulation there. And where there is manipulation
You should use your brain there. It is the same to be
Whatever the other person wants. Ok? Ok?
For example
This is a small stock for you. I this
I was exploring. Ok? to me today
I know it is a manipulated stock. But
Put the money in and see how it happens.
Understanding the Psychology of the Manipulation Operator. So
Now if you look at its chart, look at 1 minute
So something is happening.
Ok? In fact, if we spend even one hour
Still look at what's happening
Is. I have to burn all this.
I have made a loss of Rs 20,000 in this.
around just to do that teach
Can I explain it after seeing it or not?
See, this is the difference.
OK See Infact in Daily Time Frame as well
Look, there is no clarity. And this is
listed
If in the company weekly
If you go, the picture will become a little clearer.
Hui. It became a little clearer. still bad
It is there but it has become a little clearer. Ok?
And if you go, don't say bye. I am whoever
Let me show him some buy-sell here.
No. We have come here only to understand and learn.
Here. A little bit on a monthly time frame
And is the picture clear or not? yes ok
Ok. This is where this stock is going right now. These
The situation is still going on. Monthly K
Everything below is useless. Ok? So wherever
Also, if you see candlesticks like this
This means that there is no one of any price there.
Logic is not going to apply. You two 10
Find out the methods. There is no technicality in it
Will not work. Ok? This is just a logic
If you can feel that it is yours at the lowest price then
Say bye. If it increases then it reaches the moon, otherwise it will reach the evening.
till. End. Then you just have to keep this simple logic
It can be in this.
Ok? Now imagine how many kisses this person gets?
How much was it in August 2020? It was worth ₹8.
How much today? It is worth 80 paise.
End. So what is all this? operated stocks
Are. There are many more like this. infact very
These people play their game at the next level.
So it's better that we stay away from such charts.
Now Let's Get Back to Nifty
50. Now Nifty's 5 minute time frame also
It is absolutely clear. So what are those things here?
Will you work? Those things will work here.
I hope now you have two or three things clear.
Must have been done. What does a blunt candle look like?
And in which type of chart should we see it?
Is. Ok? Ok? I hope this point
It will be clear. Is this logic just for 5 minutes?
Does it work? No. This also works in the daily
He does it, he also works in weekly. Monthly
I do not work in
Does. Works even on weekly basis. But
If it has to be done weekly then next
It will be a week. If not next week
If this happens, then understand that the plane has taken off.
Is. Best of all its accuracy or logic
Which is it, it works very well on intraday.
Does. Because intraday and scalping in
There is a lot of manipulation everywhere.
Actively moves the market. So
In intraday scalping swing, if we
Looking at the hour or four hour time frame
Are. Ok?
The time frame will keep increasing. This is a little bit
Its accuracy will keep decreasing. it is like
That. This is the opposite. Ok? Why the reverse now?
Is? I will tell you the reason behind it.
Now you take it in such a way that once somewhere
If a blunt candle is formed then the price
Neither has it come again to mitigate that area
To do. Mitigate means that you should understand one type of
As if the bomb has been planted. bomb deploy
Done in the chart. And imagine here
Someone has a great dominance candle. You
This is what I've learned so far, the day before.
In. So you said, oh so good
Dominance candle. Shorten here
I am because lo, whoever is cross has also
It is called cross entry. Ok? I
Did you explain cross entry and spot entry?
Let me know once. Cross in A Chat
I explained the entry spot entry.
To you. Isn't it? So now I don't understand here.
I had explained it. It can't happen. I had explained it.
Not Yet. Half the people are saying yes, half the people
No, how is that? No record explained here
Was. When I was explaining live
Not the recorded one, but live. Let's go someone
I will not tell you the matter again. Ok?
What does cross entry mean? that when
A candle has formed and then the next candle
It shows you how to go in that direction.
She crosses it. Cross it low
It gives or crosses high. means that
If a dominance candle is formed here, this
Wali. Let me zoom in.
Meaning that if here let me turn off the
Volume because it doesn't make any sense.
Yes, if this candle is made here then
One, we will enter into this only when
The next candle will break its low. So here
Look at this candle, it broke its low
Is. If this low break had not happened from here
If the candle goes straight up, then stop is placed in it.
There would have been a loss. So we call it a cross.
Entry. That means, after seeing this candle you will be sure
Have become. You're alert that okay my candle
It has been made in the market. But the next candle
When its low crosses, we enter.
Are. That's the cross. The meaning of the spot
that we have seen the next candle and its
As soon as the next candle changes its shape,
We enter immediately. So in the cross
We wait for him to have a low cross and
We don't wait on the spot. just this much
There is a difference. So if we look at this candle
And here a cross entry would have been taken which
Does it feel right or not? Yes, okay, perfect.
Yes and the entry is also correct. But at the end
What happened? Then the next candle burned out.
Stop loss was not hit. Then the price
He came down but eventually he stopped.
Loss hit. That is, the bomb that was planted
It had hit me and now it has been diffused.
In simple language, it is technical
In language, that which is a liquidity area
It was there, but it got mitigated. ok now and see
Where all have these happened?
Then I will explain the reason to you. Correct
Is?
Look here, there is a blunt candle stop loss
Hit. Good dominance candle stop loss hit.
Correct
Is. Blunt candle is yes okay. run down
Gaya Price. So fine.
Letts C. Let's see more. Blunt Candle
It is giving positive sign. Although the candle
It's red but he's telling me to leave.
The price will go up. At the end happened
What? No, the price has gone up. Ok
Fine. No, a minute in it, a blunt candle
Sorry my bad stop loss hit here.
Let's Look
More Blunt
The candle first went up, then the price went down.
Later the stop loss was hit
Is. And just hit this and the price from here
Below
Is. There's no more going on above it. all this
There can be no coincidence. Ok? Ok?
You must be understanding this much. Let's
look
Peacock. Blunt
candle again price dot come to him
Get it mitigated. Then again, up there.
Tried it. I hope you can see this. As
Here that thing was not a coincidence. This
Place
But at this place this dot is from the same line
Even here this thing is not just
Coincidence. Let's Look
Candle reverse.
Ok? So ultimately where the blunt
Blunt candle reverse.
Ok. So what does that mean?
that wherever such blunt candles are
became low for short and we saw that
It does not have any wick on the top side and
We plan to short here.
Even though he appears to have strong dominance.
We don't have to because what we
saw? The price also goes down a little.
Then eventually the stop loss is hit
He should go.
Ok? This is simple logic, blunt candles
Of. Now look here it's very small
It is week. Very small here
Pay is not a blunt candle. This too is blunt
There is no candle. Ok
Now why does this happen? whenever they
Whoever spends 5 minutes will understand it well.
The time frame I gave homework
He must have done that with the candlestick. And
Those who haven't done it will understand
Will not come. Whenever we use candlesticks
Let's see
A candle stick is formed from the leaves.
Now what do we see when we look at candlesticks?
Are? If suppose the candlestick from here
starting and the price going down
If so, the price first goes up slightly.
One such wick forms. Then from there
The whole thing comes down. It comes all the way down.
After that, close somewhere at the top at the end.
It happens. That means we can see the wick above as well.
And the wick is visible below also. If You
Remember I said in the beginning that
The biggest damage is this candle and this Vicks.
We do. And when this wick does not happen then
It becomes a blunt candle. Now this means that
Is this Vick becoming a thing? Do you know when it is? when the market
He is going to fill the order.
Whose
Order? There are two types of buyers. would have been one
There are passive buyers and passive sellers. Others
There are aggressive buyers and aggressive
Sellers. Aggressive people are those who
I prefer to buy it at market rate.
People like you and me
Retailers need it immediately at market rates.
The order should clear immediately. So our
Broker transactions settle by matching orders
Does. Passive wires are those that
We place the order. So the market is their
He goes to fill the order. Now it will be like this
Why? understand. assume someone
Cheese like this can be a candle
Went. something for ₹10
Is. You have to take a large quantity. To you
You have to buy goods worth Rs 100 crore.
100 crore position to be shorted
Is. When will you do it at market rate? When
Actually there is no big panic in the market
There will be a situation. where you feel like hey
The market is about to fall. The war is over,
This has happened, that has happened. me immediately
Closing all my positions right now
Is. I don't care what the loss or profit is.
It would have happened. Now I have to close it on the spot. That
You start selling at market rate
Will you do it? And when you start at that rate,
What will happen? The market is down very fast
Will go.
But if there is nothing like that because the
He deals with such a huge capital that he has
There are 10 ways to analyze a team.
So in such a situation, if big money
If you want to open a short in the market then you
Trying to make a quick sale for ₹10
You won't do it, what will you try to do with ₹10
It is better that I sell the goods at ₹12 or ₹11.
If I sell the goods for ₹13 then now it is yours
There is so much capital nearby that
There may not be enough liquidity in the market
That if you sell your entire goods for ₹11
what will happen in that then you then you at 11
You will place an order at 12 or even at 13.
You can also place an order, say by filling 11.
Even if the market falls from here, you
If the market goes up a little and gets profitable, then 12
If the one also fills and comes down then you will benefit
I'd be better off going a little higher, 13
If you come back after filling then from 11 to 13
Your orders have been cleared carefully
It will be difficult to listen to or repeat. Summarize
to size. This is not a summary. If 11
12 13 If the market in all three is gradually
Went up and your orders on all three levels
If it is cleared then your value is 11.75
become an average price of
And then the market went down from there.
I continued it. So what does this mean?
Big players have also entered along with it.
Now sometimes the big players are 500,
People with 10000, 2000, 5000 crores.
Sometimes there are people with 100-200 crore rupees.
Are. In short, if the big player market
If you enter in then such Wix forms will appear.
When a very big player enters the market
If it happens, it will form very large wicks.
Will be. It seems that the price is going down.
Used to be. It is coming, it is coming. comes
I am going and coming. Phil went down again
up by
What happened back? Order Fill Order Fill Order
Fill Order Fill Order Fill Order Fill Order
Fill no supply price reptly above.
So whenever in any candle if we
Vic doesn't appear
is there something like
This means that there are big players in this.
No entry
Hui. Understand this much in short.
Liquidity was not filled. Good
Breaking down liquidity in simple terms
Are. There is a bucket because there is liquidity.
It will be better understood in liquid. One
Bucket of water.
Ok? We are the people who are less thirsty.
It has happened. Ok? Let's give him a little
I need some water. Suppose you have a small
I need a glass of water. You can comfortably use the bucket
can remove
yes. Now someone needs too much of that water
I need it. He has 101 people. complete them
Do you want to fill a bag or a big mug?
If you want to fill it, he will do the whole dick. So these
Short: The smaller the order, the smaller the short-term
Will make. The bigger the order, the bigger the sale
It will be created. So big wick means price
It will go down rapidly and then up from there.
Will come. Small orders are just like this
You will be filled. But when the big order
If it comes in the market then the price will first go down
and then reverse from there
It happens. The filling is exactly like a mug.
How you fill water in your mug. Try something
Do it at home. You will understand. bucket
Taking off water. Drain the water with a spoon.
Neither will you see that there is much that
The area is not being disturbed. These
I'm emphasizing this more because
Because this is the same logic of support and resistance.
It also comes on. Small candlesticks
Logic support comes at the level
Resistance comes to a big level.
Ok? And both things have the same logic in both places.
Why are you applying? Because if you
You are looking at the candlestick. Suppose you
One month candle stick was placed. So the forest
You can see the candlestick of the month. Meaning
What? 1 month price movement if it is 1
If you spend the month in one day, you will get 30
Day market up and down up and down
Will be visible. So in many places you will get support and
Show resistance
Will go. So both things are the same
Is. Need to be more complicated
I don't have it. Ok? So now what is that
If there is a blunt candle, then understand that
No such big mugga came there.
To fill water. In short.
So now if the big player hasn't come,
If liquidity is not filled then it means
What is that now the matter is very much 50-50
Is. Even if the market is full of liquidity
The reverse can happen because guess what
Retailers never suffer losses because of us.
Big players never suffer any loss.
would have absolutely
Is. There was a mutual fund manager. Name
I forgot about them. He played in 2017 or 16
Some error might be coming. to look for
Will get it. This is Google Pay. From 2017 onwards
In the period of 4 years from 2016
Has given negative returns to its investors
To.
-10% a year
-10% for one year, +10% for +5% for the second year
-33% means they create all this turmoil throughout the year.
He had such a huge asset management
It is worth thousands of crores. even after that
-3%
Return. Right now it's all about plus plus.
It is happening because the market is at an all-time high.
I don't think any video will ever be yours
It must have happened in the field that such a
has been a mutual fund investor who has
Negative returns in the year
Given. Now when the market cycle changes then
Then those news will come. Ok? so like this
It is not that we incur loss. theirs too
There is loss. So the point is that sometimes
It may happen that suppose liquidity is created
Is. Now the candle is absolutely perfect. market
Not moving, moved in the opposite direction
Went. Fine but where do you go more obscenities?
There are chances where liquidity is not filled
It has happened. We can spot it better there.
Can you or not boss, I don't feel it here.
Is. It Means Big Players Are Not In The
Short.
We will understand this here. Let's say if
If you want to
Understand all the things and apply them.
This candle became a blunt. what does it mean
Happened? Liquidity fill by price going down
Didn't do it. If liquidity fills by going down
I did that and then went upstairs also. then somewhere here
But the price would come and close. What does it mean
Things Are All
Right. No Liquidity Fill Price Went Down
End. So wherever there are such blunt
Candles will be made
You make it like this. Same thing happened here too
is today
Itself
There is no liquidity here.
OK, what do you have to do? We have two options.
is in. ok let me use this too
I have found the options. How? First
Thing is that if ever such a candle in red
The stick has become a blunt candle so the first most
The most likely step should be the first
It is for you to take it so that you can avoid it.
These are very clear candle sticks for candles.
Hey, avoid that, think about it or not, friend, boss, right now.
There is a high chance my stop loss will be hit.
It's too much, I won't trade on this.
That is the first way, the first and most
Likely
those seconds they these
This is what you will need to practice. Correct
Is? Remember, suppose here here
No blunt candle is formed on the dominance candle.
Now I know I'm not short
I will do it and the price is not today but next
If not in a candle
It's okay after some time but to mitigate it
Will come for. Meaning he defuses the bomb
Will come to do it.
Ok? Now lets bring the prices down there
From it became a blunt candle. I am like
Mentally aware. Now the price has gone down and
Price has come somewhere near the support below
Is. Now if there is someone around to support me
If I am getting long entry then for me
A little bit like an extra confirmation.
It happened that how much target I expect
I can do it. If I had support nearby
If you are getting entry then as much as possible above
No one will know. But at least I can't see that candle
I can take the target up to .
Something similar happens in the fair value gap.
Is. Just last Thursday and or Friday, which
We were trading live and it was the same.
It happened. It Took An Option Trade Option
There was a triple trade, Ishaan was there. So it
Was like price went down. then after that
We got Long's entry. So the target
How much did we keep? As far as the fair value gap
Was. Just after this the fair value gap also
Will understand. Because it is the same candlestick
It is a part. Ok? But this was the
Concept of a blunt candles. Ok? Now!
Tell me, did you understand this much? we got
It. Yes sir, one question.
Is. And
Not Uturn Uturn was traded.
Yes, I was in a U-turn. Yes, you turn trade was
They. Trade entry was taken in U turn and
After entering the target, it was fair.
The value gap was up to. Ok? so clear
Happened? perfect. perfect. Whatever Long
If you have any doubts, write them down now. Ok? Now!
Unmute your this liquidity once again
understood. See what does liquidity mean?
Now I will explain it in the chart. Very
Well, four hours is a four-hour time frame.
You will understand it very well. Look, I
Think it was in Nifty only. understand
liquidity
Look, long means Yashesh by one
Taking a side position means when the market is up
If it goes then we will benefit. Meaning of short
It happens that we make money when the market falls.
Will make. Shorting the market
If the form is OK then do not enter the put
I don't want it, why bother putting wood?
You are in the market, look at the long and short methods
Akshay, don't say put long put and this
Other people will get confused if I call you
I know other people will be confused.
That will not be a levant for them so don't
Think It Like Putting in and Think Long Term
In long position short position put then just
There is a contract, isn't it you blond?
What time frame should I look for candles in?
Which we would have been about to enter the time frame
Are. Ok? Watch Now
Now I just explained about the time frame.
That if we do an intraday trade from Lets
If we are there then we can use it even for 5 minutes.
Can. Using a 15-minute time frame
Are. And if it is not clear then 1
Let's use the hour time frame. If we
If you are scalping then scalping
For this we use a time frame of 1 minute.
Are. And using a time frame of 5 minutes
Are. There's nothing too special about him.
Still, if you want views, you can watch one hour.
You can just take a view once.
Like I look at the monthly time frame and view
I will take it. Just a good 5 minute time frame
What happens on Pay? Entry. Just what is the entry?
Are you doing it after seeing? looking at candlesticks
Of. Scalping on 1 minute time frame
What happens? Entry. This is the big time
There are frames like 15 minutes and 1 hour
Done and done with 5 minutes of scalping
And it was another 1 hour. This is just analysis
It is used for.
Not just to trade. to trade
To enter, stop loss plan
We only have a five minute time frame to do this.
They are using it. Ok?
Now This Was Lunt Candle Now After
This Understands Liquidity. of liquidity
What does it mean? in
Imagine in short what I am saying
do it.
Because that is the only option
and if possible, do it
Yourself. we have a
Bucket. How small are our orders?
How much will we buy? from 10,000
Take 10 crores.
Is? we we this we retailers this right now
There is value.
So right now whatever is between 10,000 to 10 crores
There are orders, right? All this should be cleared easily.
Will go. There should not be any major blunder in this
One. If you want all this then pay at market rate.
You will get it on Pay as well.
Ok? The moment would have been much larger orders
Are. 100 crores, 200 crores, 500 crores. So
What happens? If you have a small order now
Must be needed. Assume the price is currently running
₹100. You will buy it for ₹100
I need goods worth ₹,000. You will get ₹100 for ₹100
Instant order starting at ₹100 for ₹00
It will become clear. But that's what you want
You get an order of ₹500 crore cleared.
At the rate of ₹100
It will not be clear because the market
There is not that much liquidity in it. So
You have two options. either
in expensive
Buy it. Whoever is selling at expensive rates
I buy from them. So you're so stupid
It won't happen. How much money is there after that?
Buy expensive things and get cheap things
You would like to buy and sell everything at a high price.
Want human nature and buy everything cheaply
If I want to
Similarly, you will buy it at a higher price otherwise
What do you need to do to buy cheaply?
You will have to place an order and wait for that.
The market moves down a bit and your order is filled.
So when your orders are big, they will be big.
Below to market fill the order
will go up then
Okay, and this is what happens in the candle.
is like this Vick's
Like and when we say this now with let's
There is a 4 hour candle. If we do this for 5 minutes
I will see it or I will see it in 1 minute.
It will appear that the price was like this. There was resistance
The price moved up from such resistance and then
Came down. Breakout Deke Trap Karke
Went down. Ok? Like Let's Say
Now to get from here to here, the market
How much time did it take? It took 47 days. so much patience
The retailer does not have it. huge
Only the one who sits with the money will wait so long. Now
What was this entire area? Price from here
Bounce it. Then bounce it from here. Then
Tried to bounce from here. this hole
What was the area? Support. What did Price
Did? break the support
Gave. And what happened after the break?
Reverse. Did you understand?
Imagine this is a bucket of water. Retailers
So we will buy it at market rate.
Too. But if a large order is to be filled then
Take a mug and submerge it completely under water.
Will have to. And then out of there, fill the water
He will find it in it. Then from there he went up
Go down. Dznt
Matter. All the shots were squeezed here.
yes
Went. Ok? No Few More Examples I
Think this was late in Nifty Bank S
Well and this is the same thing in 5 minutes time frame.
It is a bit too much. I also made a video
I showed you that day
This was a video of the live market.
Okay, this is support right now. Look at the four hour time
On the frame. How much does this support? 49,800.
Ok? The market has not arrived yet. will ever come
so take care. Looking forward. What is the best now
will be? This is how much we can see
This is a strong zone. If the market and
go up
If so, I came here from Market Lets.
What would be the best thing? If here the actual
If there is a big buying coming in then price it
It will go down a little after braking and then
It Will Go
Up. Got it? It Will Go Down First End
Then It Will Go
Up. This Likely
Is. Retailers' orders at market rates
This is where it will be filled on the spot. Butt Big
Position 10 15 2000 crore position just like that
It will not open. First for him
The price has to go down and then go up.
If someone is very
More such very aggressive news
That something very positive has happened.
And there is a lot of you know market in the market.
He's definitely going to shoot up, so what then?
Market rates will start being applicable
People started buying at market rates only.
If we give it then what will happen to it and then what will happen to it
The price will not come down completely like this
Coming down a little and making a week from here
It will go up a little, meaning people will wait
Will do that touch correct under the full support
He will not touch it, just move a little from there.
Everyone's is down there from there up single week
Getting a candle is a distant thing.
When will that happen when there is too much positive
The scenario would be that it means something very good.
Do those people know that or not, yes the market
It's only going to go up from here that this will happen.
Else if healthy in price go up
It will come down, it will break this time
And then that liquidity will go up.
They say it is okay in liquidity hunt terms
This whole liquidity means in sh so that
That hole is all this liquidity
It is in our hands to identify. So we
How can you identify it? by having
This concept. And when does that make sense?
When we actually go for big buying
Are. Like there was a stock I wanted to buy
Get it started. In life class, I said bye
I had started doing it. while doing my goodbyes
That stock had come down from ₹47 to ₹46.
I had bought a decent quantity. ₹1
I moved because I said goodbye
That stock.
So now I am being charged at market rate.
Am. I mean, I placed an order of Rs 1 lakh like this.
Applied. Then I invested Rs 1 lakh and then Rs 2 lakh.
Applied. If he kept doing this, he would earn 10-20
While making money I came up. It came down to ₹47.
Ok? I think I have approximately 8 lakh rupees.
I had said something on that. Now accept it
If I had to buy it at the same place, it would have been Rs 8 crore.
That was not possible at all. Two options
Only. Or I can just keep it at market rate.
I would place a few orders and then buy. which means
Whatever is being sold, immediately accept it as someone's.
The order is already placed for ₹1 lakh.
I will say bye to that and then I will leave from there.
The price has gone down and someone else is selling it at a higher price.
I will buy it and he is selling it at a higher price.
I will do it and he is selling it at a higher price because
If he sells at a higher rate then I will buy it.
If I keep doing it then what will be the price there
The price started going straight up from there.
It will be done, the candle stick will keep on forming like this
But if I'm a smart investor,
When will I do this when I have someone
Will it be insider news or something very strong?
Reason will be what else I will do
The stock price is running at ₹50, so I
I will place an order of Rs 2 lakh in 48. Then
I will invest Rs 5 lakh under it. then and his
I will put Rs 10 lakh below. Layer like this
I will do it and apply it. So whenever the price
I will start falling, the price will fall
Order Phil. Order Fill Order Fill Order Fill
Order Phil. And this scene plays out in the broker.
First come first term. whose first order
It was decided that his will go first. For example
So suppose today I
Placed an order of ₹1 lakh for ₹38.
The stock price is running at ₹50 and today
I had invested Rs 30-10 lakh. he is engaged
My order. Now
Let's not reach that price and
That's my GDT order. means that after
The market will also keep placing orders. When the price
You will feel it when it comes. Now let's assume the price is 39 paise.
Went. Now you think, hey, I have ₹10,000
I have to say goodbye to this only. I would have said goodbye first
Am. You won't be able to do it. My order first
It will be filled and then the price will be
In that you
will get. Even if you only get ₹10,000
I want it and I want it for ₹1 lakh. Less
Quantities do not mean that your order
First there will be Phil. My order will go first.
Ok? So this is what this whole term said.
Order flow goes. How the order flow
Are they happening? And due to order flow, the price
How does it impact me? Ok? Butt In
In short, that will be a little difficult to understand.
For. For now, you understand
This is how liquidity works. That is how
Order Gets Filled and Price Due
Go down and it goes up. And we have charts
I think hey hey this thing is going to work
I did not do it. Support was created here support
I had to plan here. bye to bye
Kara went downstairs. then shorten it again
He went upstairs. The band survived there too. here also
The band survived. Yuck! Came over. that is because of
Dec. Ok? So you have to think like this.
Now this was a simple concept. two or three things
Got it, now we understand liquidity, blind
There was a candle. It is very simple. Now a candle
Stick pattern. Pattern Edge in Usko Edge
Don't understand the pattern. behind him
Trying to understand psychology is something
It will work. Elsa won't. See if
Name of candlesticks Name of pattern
If so, the name of the pattern is
U turn. It will be visible in front. did not work
Yes, but it is probably given around 1:1 also.
Look, what a U-turn means
Is
that one such green candle and one such red
Candle Something Like
Dec. And it would be even better if both of them
yes. If these two are confusing then even more
Is good. Like here both are confused
As it is. Here is the dominance candle
But there is confusion here. If there is confusion then
It's even better. Otherwise there is no confusion
Is. So two dominance candles of the same color.
Ok? What should we do now
Is? We mark it high. and its
I mark it
Are. Hi
Mark, take Mark. And this is something very new
There is no concept. Very old.
Very
Old. Now, let's say it's 10 years old.
It is a concept. Now look, this is the concept.
Understand such a price, accept such a price
Above
It will be understood from this that it is gone or one minute.
Forget the chart candles. to my words
Listen very carefully. Suppose a price
Is. fell below ₹10. It came down to ₹5.
And then it came down from ₹5 to ₹10.
Went. So when he went from ₹10 to ₹5
The market went down by 50%. Gone from ₹5 to ₹10
It increased by 100%. So that which is capable of growing
If we imagine its graph then it will be
It would be like turn, so imagine, not price.
While I was coming down, I suddenly went up.
You can imagine that, that U-turn, that
I understand what the meaning of U-turn is.
This point has come
U turn
wala yes the rest of the people have understood right
I Hope You Can Imagine That Thing Psychology
Now we have to understand the breakdown behind this.
Candlestick breakdown but will not
That's the basic analogy analogy of this
thing that a price drops and goes down
Why did he go up again after falling?
Something has happened, something has happened
in that
This is what I am explaining. Why does this happen
There is no reason for
Is. 10 things that could happen
Is. You just have to see what happened.
And what has happened is that on the basis of this we have our
Have to make a plan. no reason why
Is. Ok? There has never been any question of queue in the market.
There can be no one. Today you will think that
No, this has happened since this series season. next time
You will go to make a plan, that some market and
He will behave in a different way. googly
Will put it. Ok? Don't even talk about order flow
Can. Can't even talk about order flow. Order
Flows that were previously limited to liquidity
Was. Ok? Understand any time frame one by one
Take 5 minutes, take 1 minute, take one day,
Take one month, take one week, all time frames
Pay. Ok? Understand the reason behind this again
What?
The logic is that the price came down and the price kept coming down.
After
I went back upstairs so it will form a
You. If the price goes up and goes up suddenly
Again it will form a
You. In both sections it is like U.
It is basically a U-turn. When we are on a bike like
I take a U-turn from bike to cart, absolutely.
That's right. Ok. Okay, take a U-turn now.
taken when
He said what do we do? We are making that U-turn
Mark high and low
Are. Correct
Now this high and low
Where did I go that one
Candles? Here it is. Let's
If after taking a price U turn
would have continued
If yes, then what does it mean, where did the price come from?
I had fallen down but now I have also taken a U-turn.
I took a pause and now continue.
went means that he should go there only
This is logical understanding
Come, keep yourselves in mind. Now you
Understand yourself. Now you drive the car. I hope
Everyone has to do driving, driving a car, riding a bike or
Everyone must know how to ride a bicycle. So you
You went down a road and made a U-turn and
You are again thinking after taking a U-turn that I
Where should I go, where should I go? No, no, I'm there
I should have gone. Then go out there
Went. Is this point clear?
Good. Second logic. Second logic remove all
Dec.
Yes, we have just discussed this U-turn.
Did I take a U-turn and the price went up?
If he goes then it means he will go up again. Correct
Is? Second logic
hit a U-turn
But he came down again and went out there. i.e
That now you imagine yourself again. You
You went, you are going by bicycle. Going
Going. You took a U-turn at the intersection
and come back to where you started
Went. I thought for a while and you came up with
No boss, the way home goes from here only and
You went there. You will be home now
Go. What happened after that? Second option here
You came to the peak and then you thought, hey friend
I took a wrong U-turn. not here, not there
This was the only way. Then you left here. So now
If you leave here, you won't come back.
Will you come? Because you've already thought about it
Here. You got this idea, right?
I understood this logic, this second one.
logic
Yes everybody got it na because market address
What is it, market sentiments and some other things?
Honestly, this is not all psychology.
You have to understand that even after this happens
If the price goes up, it won't come back.
That's worst case scenario so well now.
What we have to do is this, The Trader.
See what the actual price is
where are you going
We are here and wherever he is going, we are fine there.
Now how do we execute it in the best possible way?
can find it in the chart okay
We just found
Like these candles are all fine right now.
Don't have your questions in mind right now.
Just listen to what I'm saying.
So that
You relate to it so well
From things. You might remember I said this
There was still this thing in the confusion candle and
It applies well. Confusion Candle
The accuracy is high. Confusion Candle
Why is the accuracy higher? Because
A confusion candle formed in the market. So
What does this mean? The buyer is also confused, the seller
Is also confused. And the market is somewhere in the middle.
It got closed after going. Confused as these two
Couldn't take the price anywhere. again
Then this happened. Take both prices somewhere
Couldn't go. Market in confusion again
It is closed. So when twice in confusion
After closing, when the market is at any one
If he goes out on direction, he does it quickly.
Doesn't come back. And its accuracy is high
It remains. Because you have already tried a lot
Already happened. It has been tried twice. Bayer
He tried his best. Cellar
He tried his best. Couldn't go. But
Now the one who actually took command
He becomes aggressive and then he becomes good.
From
Aggressive logic understood, forget the chart
Imagine what I am saying to you.
You should understand the sentiment behind it.
Then it will be fun, otherwise not.
there will come things that are beyond
charts okay charts are just one type of chart
Imprint is what candlestick is just price
is an imprint of how the price moves
Kiya hai main logic is psychology only ok
You got it? Because of this it does better exam
Is. Wait a minute, how to enter?
I will tell you one by one
By doing. Now so now you know what is your turn.
Now You Know Why Confusion Candle Patches Work
Why does she do it well? Ok? How to use
Do you have to do it? Its
What is the best way
Is? Show me such a candle. Get a high mark.
Ok. good one more
You should understand this thing if you complete this from today
After finishing the concept, it will be useful in your mind.
I set it to nothing in the chart
I will see. I will just make a U-turn
I will see, just turn you. Because of the U-turn
I have told you the quality. be one
High probability is gone, one is gone.
Probability. two wherever
Are rejections being created or are two dominances being created?
They are together and will be visible in the chart
In the making. That is low probability. Where
There are two confusions somewhere. that is
High probability. So now you
Confusion High Probability is also known, low
I also know the probability, the logic of the U-turn.
I also know. If you start this devotion from here today
Set yourself up to be that boss I never
also confusion candle which is this uturn
The logic that is ours. Whenever there is confusion
If possible, I will work at a little high risk.
I can do it. If a normal candle is made then I
I will work at a little low risk. But its
I will not see anything else.
That's all I need to see. When it's done I
I will take the trade. If I don't make it, I'm nothing
I will do it. You outperform most people
You will do it. to those people who have a lot of
Things to learn next.
Ok? I am telling you as a beginner
This is very important. You and everything
Learn. Ok? But think think in these
Terms. I'll just do this and
Nothing. thats
It. perform out perform kar dooge bahut
To all the people you Because what will happen?
Gotta avoid blunders
You will go and simple thing works best. Ok?
How to get entry
Is? I am marking it right now. By the way
There is no need to mark. you understand
It will come like this. You got a high mark, take it
Marked it. Now to mark high and low
After that, we just have to see where the price goes.
Giving side breakout. If it is on the top side
Breakout
If he gives, I will go long. My stop loss
What will happen? These two confusion candles
Both of them have made U-turns, so U
Whichever is the lowest or highest point of the turn
That will be my stop loss. like this
This candle is made a little smaller in the case.
So I will not do that, I will enter here
Let me place a stop loss here.
No, I will keep the stop loss here.
That means whichever is the lowest of the entire U-turn
point or whatever the entire U-turn is
It is the highest point. If the market is on the upside
If I break my stop loss
This area would have been its
Below Ok? Let Me Remove All
Dec. I got this high mark
Get it done. this is a
Hi. And this is a low.
Ok. Now let us imagine that
From here the candle broke. So now
How will my stop loss be created? Long position.
I made my entry here
Took. This will be my stop loss. look carefully
Look where I have placed the stop loss. They
Slightly below the lowest point or lowest
Right on point. And how much target can I take?
Will I go? This is 1:1. Atleast
1:2 Then after two if the price goes straight
If it is, then it is a good thing. Otherwise at least
1:2 1 will not be found easily but this too
Do M for this. If there is a confusion candle then rather
Keep it to a minimum of three.
Ok? That is the first thing. Second Thing
Let's
Now this break has happened for the downside which
That has also happened. Now how do I find my stop loss?
Plan
will be? My entry for the short position will be here.
Pe here pe. Correct. This will be my stop
Loss and
1:2 Here it is.
Now since there's a confusion candle up here.
My minimum target I will take three.
Although I went till six but I did not go till that much
I am not expecting anything from the market. Less
Expect it. Expect Nothing Loose
nothing. This is a very good saying. so the same
It is also applicable in the market. More
Don't be greedy. And let's assume that
We got it for free. I had a lot of fun.
Because the market has fallen below that.
But if this were the live market, I would
Let's assume that somewhere here there is a price
A small support is being created. So below this
If the price also goes up, reverse it.
She will go. It has just fallen. It looks like it's made
Looks good in the chart. But live
In the market, if I actually, in real
If I were in trade, I would be somewhere here.
Maximum holds around 1:3. Then
If the market is going in a flow then it matters
It is different. Otherwise
Exit. I would have done this. This is
Like this. Ok? Dominance candles are like
It is made here.
Here's how to break it down here.
This would have been my entry here
But a minute
be very bright
My entry would have been here, stop loss
Hota Hai Idhar And Target Would Have Been 1:2
If there is dominance then 1:2 stop loss has been applied.
problem but this would have been my target
Got it. Now that we learn support resistance
If you go further, its accuracy will need to be increased.
How can we make it more accurate?
Are. Just this particular thing.
Ok? And that's it.
Okay, here's another thing from Let's here.
Look, this is also a dominance candle and after that
This is also a dominance candle, so are these two
Together we made a U-turn
No, the candle should be the same
A little goes a long way, okay, few here inside.
Like for example, if some of it is Vicks
And as you grow older, let's say
This samavat is like this, it would have been perfect.
Ok? So candle you turn in candle should
B. Identical.
Ok? like it's okay
Is. These two candles.
The ones before that, these candles are not
Good. and see
Yes, this candle is fine. Ok? This is a little above
It's closed but it's okay. Stop Loss Lag
Went. No problem. It's the right candle. The right thing
Is. Stop loss is being placed. No
Problem. Ok. Both of these are visible
Like confusion. What is correct?
Gave
Two
No Knot
Good, this candle is perfect.
ok ok not very good ok
Okay, although the price dropped, but not very much.
Good, okay, so I've got the point, it should
B
Identical is not identical, don't go for it
It's like one side is very huge week now if
If it was a body instead of a week, it would make no sense.
These two candles are not being made not good.
This is 4 hours so itna likhenge let's see 5
You'll See a Lot in 5 Minutes
ok this will be a homework today also
If you want to practice this then you need
to have at least like look this is absolutely great
A candle has formed and a stop loss has been placed on it.
Doesn't matter but this is a very perfect candle
Good
Candle Butt Stop Loss
Fine. Got a stop loss.
Well, these two candles are very good?
No. Look at one. Look at second. Not Very
Good. Are these two candles correct? thats
Fine. Deez
Two. It went up. So let's say even if
We got one stop loss one target it's fine
At the end profit because if take minimum 1:2
If you are there then there will be profit at the end
ok done so that
Was You Turned
Now
Now let us learn about the fair value gap. Very
There is not much complication. small
Ah, that's the logic of fair value gaps. Now
Like I told you, right?
Liquidity is formed through wicks.
So if any candle ever becomes very huge
If it goes then it means the same logic has happened
The order has not been filled. So if from let's
I have to mark one gap in this.
So how are gaps created? like this one
A very big candle was made. Now you will see
Week of the first candle and week of the third candle
These two are not nearby. Such normal
If you go to see it, you will see the first and third candles
almost nearby
Will meet. Almost Like Almost Equal
Equal. But there is a huge difference here.
Is. So is this entire area as fair?
There will be no value gap? it is. this is a
Fair Value Gap.
Ok? How long is it valid? As long as anyone
A candle cannot come in the way
Go. If in the middle, suppose there is any one such
The week has arrived. Such a small little week
Is. Someone came ahead of these letters. What does it mean
It is not that there is still so much gap left.
No, he
Then the bomb was defused or mitigated.
Went. Ok? Now let's search like this. Fair
Look for gaps.
The price has not come here yet. but what
Is this a fair value gap? Here is the first
Candle. Here are the seconds
Candle. What is a Fair Value Gap?
Yes. We have a gap here. Ok? is this
A Fair Value Gap
Is? Where did you go? Here.
Yes. Now look here, these two candles
There is no significant gap in between
Is. so right
Is. So in this way, if two big candles are made
If it had also gone then both the lines would have met like this
Let us come together. There may be a small difference
goes. But if there is actually a gap to be created
Then such a block will be formed. far and wide
There will be no candles. Ok? Let's Look
Peacock.
Look at the first candle and the second and third candles.
There is no difference in between. Now if the value
Look, the first candle closes here.
from here and the third candle would have been here
This would have created such a huge gap for us.
But because its week has come to this
So there is no gap. No gap. No
Gaps. Where is the next gap?
found? Here is the first point and here is its
Blunt candle.
And which later became Phil. happened twice
Actually the first fill happened here.
You might be seeing this on the week. Butt again
The price came down further. Then a little more from here
Went upstairs. Gap field. Look at the gap here too.
created. The third candle filled the gap.
Ok?
So now we can calculate the fair value gap in two ways.
You can use it from . One is positive
In which we can plan our entry
I am thinking that if the price comes down then I will
Entry near the fair value gap
I will do it. The second is inverse fair value.
Gap. Also in my live trading videos
You must have seen it. I went to see it once
It is available in the playlist on YouTube.
There I am inverse fair in options
I use value gaps to set targets.
For. Shaan is an example because he is the last
Was in the class too. When we recently
trade kari live trade kari live trade
Price went up in Fair Value Gap
Filled and from there again click on the options below
Price to Fair Value Gap
I use it quickly to keep my target.
inverse fair value that is how I use okay
Now why should I worry that Bank Nifty has just fallen
But if you want to watch live trading videos
If you go and see, when Bank Nifty was here
somewhere around here 53 54000 again
He fell there and then came up but somewhere around here
I made a good video on that very platform.
that by doing this we have fair here
There are value gaps that need to be filled.
Haven't filled it yet. Four Hour Time
If we look at the frame, look at this, here
which has not been mitigated at all till now
It has happened. We have this fair value gap.
In
Is. So this is not made today. Of earlier
It is quite prepared. So that's when I made it
Whether the market is very likely to fill
Dec. And still the market is like to fill
Dec. If the market comes down, fill it
If he does, I will not be surprised.
Okay, I'm stretching a little bit, class.
but look here we have a
good support
Is. Smart Money Versus Normal
money. This is a support we have
Is. Which retailers will get if I remove it.
Let me give it to you for 2 minutes.
Ok? So retailers and such normal
In perspective, this appears to be support to us.
It is quite good. If we look at liquidity here
If we apply the concept then what is the logic
Is it coming ready? Prices come down from here
Will go down. will break the support and if above
If you want to go then you will go up from here. This bun
There has been liquidity on the concept S. and when
he down
If you come here we have our fare
Value gap. So if he comes down that far
If it goes, it will be filled. It will go up.
What does it mean? Two things bring us together
pointing out
Are. So tomorrow Bank Nifty will come down further.
Will I be shocked that hey market and
fallen. How much percent did it fall? and see
Are.
5% I Will Not Be Amazed. It's Va
Normal. Got it? And that's how
Fair Value Gap Blunt Candles Liquidity
This is out to understand the fair value gap.
understood liquidity, understood blunt candles and
Understanding the U-turn pattern is now your homework.
The first thing blunt candles do is give you a 50
Candles at least have to be identified and kept
And if you don't do this, it's your loss.
I am telling you straight away, you can do it, it is your profit.
I'm not going to get anything from here on out.
Blunt Front Candle You Have to Identify
Then you have to identify fair value
Gaps 50
Okay and make it 100 U turns in which
that 50 you just look at confusion so that
You get more conviction in your confusion
or not yes ok confusion work well
Does. That Is How I Do and 50 Make It
For normal Vedas wherever two together
A rejection candle is forming, or two together
A dominance candle is forming. This is your hole
home work. Ok? Ok? which you have to
Do.
All right. That was it. Now if you have any
Questions Then You Can
Ask. Harshad your answer is clear now. Is
No? How can we enter
Are? If One Train Is Form the Price
Ultimately Reverses and Touches Sandeep Hindi
Type in. Understanding the rest of the people
Will come. The rest of the people won't understand
Question to you. To repeat all the questions.
Type in Hindi. Type in the question.
Ok? Ah touches the same price level as
Blood Candle Before Going in Different
Direction. It's right Sandeep, it's right.
We can take you in sideways.
market. No. U-turn in sideways market
Don't take it. I just told you exactly, right?
I just took that U-turn to Hum and Precise
How can I do it? You take it now. right now you
Wherever you see a U-turn, take it. Now!
Just take it as a pattern.
OK, but how to make it more accurate going forward?
He will also understand what he has to do, for now.
do it like
This liquidity will be understood further, okay.
Specific topic is ahead again this
Liquidity Wala Don't Worry
Okay, work happens everywhere Harshad, wherever
The price is also liquid and moves well.
I am doing it there, it will work
Both sides are not weak in OK blunt candle
It would have been fine. Species in a plain candle
Both sides are not wicked. Both Side Week
If not, it is worse. If one side wick
Even if it is there, it is bad. It is better we stay away from it
Stay. Ignore and avoid it. Correct
Is? Fair value gap pay entry. As
I told you in the end that the whole story is over.
Went. Hey Vignesh, I just showed you the bank.
Nifty draws on the four-hour time frame
By doing this, there is a fair value gap here.
The price has to come till here. So when there
I will go long futures when the price comes up.
of Bank Nifty. Just take entry like this
Us. Got
It? No. Then we will not enter, calm down.
Because ours is our risk reward.
It will get spoiled. OK Inverse Farewell Gap
Meaning, plan it for the target. Correct
Hai Arshad Inverse means like now for
For example, suppose someone is shorting.
Ok? I will tell you both now.
Now. Okay again.
What is made by large order? Yes, large
Understand from the order when large orders
No opportunity to enter the market
It is available and the price goes up.
Because what we just understood was that the one who
Vicks is made, she is made of Vicks
Due to liquidity being filled and that selling
Not there. This means entry for big players
If it is not found and the price goes up then
He waits for a good price because
He has crores of rupees lying with him.
No. He is not in a hurry to make money in the market
make
of. Only then can I wait. Sometime it happens like this
I have seen very good traders for the last 6 months.
Let's wait for 8 months. 3 months you
He saw me waiting.
Ok? So it is like this. Now understand now
What is inverse
And how to take normal entry? See
Right now I want to trade Bank Nifty futures
Have to do it long. Ok? TradingView
Yashish is written in that video. If I
Want to go long on Bank Nifty futures
So which place will I go to? This supports me
It was visible. Here I see the Fair Value Gap
showed
Is. Ok? Look carefully. I zoom it in
I will do these. This is how you will see it here.
Here. Here it is. Ok? here I
Fair Value Gap
Show. Which has not been mitigated yet.
Ok? Now when the price comes here now
He has not come. It still has another 5% to fall.
If the market has to reach this level then when
When the price comes here, I will take my long position.
I will take the trade. Now the price will come here again.
Let me make a dominance candle.
Whoever makes the rejection candle will make it. I
I'll see after the price comes in there.
How is React doing? But whenever the price
If I come here and get entry then
I will go long. This has been fair
How to take entry at a value gap.
Second option, suppose I have bank here
Should have shorted Nifty.
Ok? Short. Now Bank Nifty is falling
Below I am making money. benefiting
It is mine. How far should I keep my target?
I have two options. The first option is
it
Is. This is what I see as support that I
I just showed you. Ok? So if the price
If it comes down and stops near this support
I want my half quantity or full quantity
I can take it out. The first option I have is
Is. The second option is that I
I will take it out in the value gap. is it done
Marking the Inverse Fair Value Gap Target
For. Ok?
my case
I believe I just told you my first one.
My plan here is that I
If I go to the long side, now look up.
You can see the fair gap yourself.
will go
Look, look at these two things in front of us up above.
Are. Blunt candle is also made above. No,
It is not blunt. The fill is done. Yes,
There's a blunt candle over there. If we take it from here
and mark up to here so we have a
The fair value gap is here and if it comes down
So the second fair value gap is here. Two fairs
We have a value gap here.
Ok? So now if I here
I long for it. Irrespective of Support
Resistance is all a matter of later. But
The inverse means that if I
I am longing in place.
So I have a target till here.
I book my profit here.
I will take it. So what did I do? Target Mark
I used mine to do it. His
It doesn't matter if the price goes up.
My target is this far. in the same manner
I done options.
All right. Did you understand Vivek? How to Set Stop
Loss for long and short. U turn. Stop
Where does the meaning of loss lie? Take the candle
Or the high of the candle for example
Look, the person in front of us is not perfect.
But let's say okay okay
Vivek Si is here in front of us
High Let Me
Trolley, it's made a U-turn here.
Okay, just take the middle candles.
Now if the market breaks below
My stop loss was around the entire length of that U-turn.
This is the highest point of the turn and the entire u
The lowest point of the turn is
If I break down then my
If the stop loss is above or if it goes above then I
I will come out with the loss and if I go down then I will come.
will take profit okay so right now if my
If the stop loss is on the top side then it will be
This area
If it breaks out above, my
This will be the stop loss. That is, the U-turn
Marking its highest and lowest points
It happens. And the same is true for highest or lowest
Our stop loss is set.
Ok? Fair Value vs. Fair Value Gap
Accuracy depending on the market
Conditions. When the market is trending,
Accuracy will be good when the market moves sideways
If it happens, the accuracy will deteriorate. Alight
If the market is good then you can get up
to 70% accuracy one turn i think this when
A matter of
Not last year, this is about April of this year.
It's a matter of the surroundings, I only like fair people
The market was trading at a gap.
The session was volatile as the financial year closed.
Yes, April is the next month, April.
I took three trades just on the fair gap
All three trades of the day looked spot on and
I was thinking that sometime we think
Dream about Bank Nifty or whatever
We would have been trading that I would have been from here
If I short, the market will fall. Then I
If I go long, the market will increase. that is happening
Was. There was a fair value gap above. from there
I did short. Up to this fair value gap
I got the target. Then it is falling like this
It was there when the market was falling
Created a fair value gap. So below
Went long and the market did that fair again
Get the value gap filled. And then the third trade
I met her just like that. So that was bingo.
So when the market is trending it will work
Good. Will not done. Fair Value Gap Blunt
Candle Vignesh, Fair Value Gap, Blunt
Candle, you turn all this candle candle we
People are playing, all this candle candle us
To be used at entry time. to the timing
Don't get confused
yes. The time frame at which we want to enter
If you are going to do it, do it on that time frame
It happens. But is it on a higher time frame?
Won't it work?
do. If you need a specific direction
You just need to tell me this much, sir.
I have to do the same. So you just enter the time
Mark on the frame. When the entry time frame
If you don't understand then you can go to analysis time.
in the frame
Go. ok shivam in unmuted question
Don't type fear if asked. Unmuted
This is the question to ask. Did you come? Supriya
Did you understand? Time frame logic
clear?
We are perfect.
Yes. Small time frames. Big Time Frame
In it doesn't work because of big time frame
What happens if the price is missed?
Sometimes there is a huge movement. So it
Doesn't make sense. in small time frames
There is a lot of manipulation. So this blonde
What is the logic of the candle? It Works On
Manipulation.
OK raise your hand. Shivam raise your hand.
Wait or Ganesh your question.
Ganesha's voice is coming
Hi
Hello Ganesh unmute
Yourself
Hello Ganesh unmute yourself sir your voice
Hello is coming, not able to hello
Hello Hello
Hello I can hear you now ok ok so
I was watching a video and it wouldn't start
ok but i have to
Question one is on the fair value gap.
In which what you are telling about Bank Nifty right now
were that there are two fair value gaps above then these sum
Cases we observe that between two candles
If I see a gap then that too is fair.
What is called a value gap?
The example we were just giving, give it on top
Fair value gap created
Bank Nifty in its own
There is also a gap below between the candles.
Can we treat that also as a fair value?
No no, not just the same, fair value gap, that's it.
That's what happens
There is no gap here, where is the gap?
There is no gap here, no gap right now.
Look at the candles of 18 18 and 19 18.
Hours of his and the next one which is red and
This One in the Middle of the Green
yes yes this market is this market that
Fair value gap is not a market gap
The market opens gap up and gap down.
That is a gap, not a fair value gap.
These
Okay, so treat it as a fair value gap.
Can't do it, no, no, this is not a fair gap.
Yes, but these gaps also get filled, but
I will say that do not keep this gap in mind
That's better.
Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. So the other
The question is on the candlesticks that
He had homework on him. Ok. So couple of
Like 202 candles identified. But
In that, if we are in the dominance candle
Should the range also be considered or only
80% and 20% week and 80% range correct then you
Will understand that this is a high probability
Or low probability. Now let's say dominance
This candle is also here, here this one.
This is also a dominance candle, but if this
If we look at the rest of the candles, it is very
It remains small. Correct, yes correct. that
Means it's not a high probability slow
Probability. So no trades are available.
Is. Sometimes we can take it elsewhere. If
Do we have to keep in mind whether we
If you want to take only high probability trades
I will not take this. We will avoid this. So
Dominance in Range Is Variant Rejection Too
Me too. Got
It. Sir S Compare to Previous
OK Ganesh
Second Ganesha
Okay, so here's the range that we compare.
That edge with the two previous candles
By comparing then we will decide that he is a
Whether dominance or edge action will be treated or not
will be
Because most of the time those who identify
What was asked to be done shows maximum that
Those are big candles but if we compare it
with the previous few like five to ten candles
With him he stays small so it does not
Work Expected Yes It's Low
Probability OK and the rejection that comes
Like rejection in most of the homework.
If candles were found then maximum and top and
I found it at the bottom but its color is like now
I need almost 20 candles if I get rejected.
If you have got maximum type top then
I've got a red candle
So
No means 1
1 Such targets are not being found generally. So
that is also treated as a lobby even though it
Is at the top yes
Okay because that rejection happened at a top level.
It is there but its colour is different. So yeah, that's it.
That's low probability simple. If we
Going to short If It's a Green
Candle That Means It's a
Probability because buyers are showing
Strength na hum
Hello Sir, I have a Sir, Hi Sir, Raise Your Hand
raise your hand one by one i will take the
No question, everyone raises their hand to this too.
The question is Sandeep, your question is Snehdeep.
Sorry Sneha, I can hear you, yes hello, yes a
Sorry I am not able to turn on the video
Person No Technical Analysis and Charts
Structure that we are learning here the candle
Sticks It's Not Applicable Over Here Right
so can you
Like Explain More Which Stocks Are The
like there is less liquidity on the
Stucks that was a little awkward yes I will
tell you one thing what you what you how you
Can you understand this is all the stocks which
R less than 500 crores
Okay, okay, the stocks generally have this.
Like manipulation going on in them.
Let's Say If We Took 500 Stocks So
I will say out of those 500 stocks that are
Valued at Rs 500 crore, 400 and 90 stocks
Will be manipulated. only 10 probably
There will be that which will not be manipulated, but
Like all of them are manipulated in some
Another way. Now what happens is that even two if
A stock is valued at Rs 1000 crore that can
also be manipulated but as soon as
The number keeps increasing What happens that a dis
operator things become a little low because
What Happens If You Will Try to Find
out how many people are having 10 crore sleep
You will get so many people if you try
To find out people with 100 crore net worth
There Are Few If You Try to Find Out
Crore Net Worth People There Are Even Less Than That
Will be. So edge in that whatever stock
Market cap it's like 500 crores then
Easily manipulate stock worth Rs 500 crore
Anyone who has Rs 50 crore can go
And there are a lot of people with 50 crores.
Nowadays, right, so they can manipulate easily.
Alright, so we should avoid trading in these
Stocks and We Should Try Trading in More
Liquid Stocks If We Are Like Yes If If
yes sorry sorry to cut you here if you are
Trading with Like If You Are Specifically
Looking for a Swing Trade and Something Like
That You Should Avoid But If You're Looking In
Terms of Value Investing Like I Have
Few Stocks Whose Market Cap Is Only
50-60 crores and I have just recently seen it.
In the first class, we have taken that stock.
And those same stocks when it stood
Made 40 30% and same stock I am also now
I am still holding but it went up by 40%.
Now it's back to its original price ok
So I bought the stock not because of the
Swing trade. That's the Kind of Value
Investing for Me. So if you are value
Investing It's Fine. If you are taking a
Trade I will not suggest any mid small
Cap Stocks and Penny Stocks Like This. Go
Beyond 500 crores. Ok? All right. Thank you.
You are welcome.
Or Shivam your question.
Hello Sir. Yes, hello. Sir, as you said
There was cross entry and spot entry. Correct.
So now there is cross entry, what about that?
It happens that the candle breaks out or breaks down
If he did then his
I have to take it basically but what happens many times
that single candle that breaks
Repeat again Shivam hello
Sir, if there is a cross entry then in that
The candle that breaks out or breaks down
That correct one which breaks high or low
If she does then we have to take entry. But
What is a sumty that it is a single
The candle itself that breaks out or breaks down
She grows quite big. Hum to risk 2
The rewards get a little messed up there.
Sometimes the market pulls back a little.
Before I go down, before I go up
That's where the stop loss gets hit many times.
So, this means that there would have been a problem with spot entry.
It is that manipulation happens many times. Meaning
He goes back a little bit and then comes back again.
He goes to him. Yes, so what does it mean?
What is the plan? What you have to do in this is that you
It's up to you to decide what you want.
In life. You Can't Have All You Want in Life
Never Just Reading. anytime like this
You will get two options, both are yours.
In favor. You have two options here. One Is
Where your accuracy is high. But
If the trade is missed then it is missed. So
You have to deal with the regret of missing out.
Yes sir. Ok. Second option is where
Your accuracy is low, stop losses are hit
Chances of happening are high but regret it
It will not be missing there. Yes sir. So I
Which state am I in right now? I am
There should be no regret of missing. These
I have psychology. My stop loss will be placed.
I am okay with it. I use multiple stop losses
I am ready to eat. means you mean
Spot Spot Entry I Spot Entry
I prefer it. In even cases where
I think a little bit more than that
Markets like today are very inductive.
Time pe kya hai market bahut doti maah
Correct Yes Retailer is doing poorly since
There is a lot of perspectival manipulation going on.
Because of the algos to such a time pe I am
prefer or not I prefer or not I a little
Cross entry so I should be more inclined going forward
Let's wait when the market becomes a little more stable.
From February to around March, I prefer
I will do it again spot entries only yes sir got
It's okay sir, you have these two mental conditions.
One of the choices is your psychology.
What do I want? Okay, who is telling this?
I am the one who should choose what to do. if you
You are not attached to the trade. exactly that
Let's put my stop loss. I am
OK with it. I am okay with losing money.
This is a very big statement. to speak a lot
It is easy but very difficult to do. If
If this is your state then you can choose the spot again.
You can. If you have this set or not
I am not okay with losing money. me in 2 days
One trade was found but its accuracy was high
If it should be there then you can just do cross entry
Would you prefer? Ok? Just one of these two
You can choose any one.
Ok alright Akshay your question. A Sir, when
When we see a blonde candle, right?
Yes. Now ah Nifty sir once Nifty ka
Will you please open the chart?
Sir, just like the last time we
That's right there, sir, inside it, it finds itself
This blunt candle was visible. Right then after
Sir, we don't want to trade, please stop.
Is. Have to stop. Have to stop. Right? So
After that when after blunt candle
Suppose dominance when the next candle comes
The candle will come. Right? Yes.
So I mean this is my previous
By experience I mean from the last five
I noticed one thing from six months ago.
Like you said blonde candle, so blonde
I noticed one thing after the candle, sir.
After 15 or 20 minutes, that is, almost time.
Four or five in a five-minute time frame
After the candle automatically becomes the dominance candle
She goes, yes sir is this true, what does it mean?
Yes it happens it happens look like it's late
So right here you can accept this as support.
Everyone can see it is a let's take it if
Someone will teach me further, I will support
Resistance so this looks like a good
support right ok sir yes it is not because you
No support resistance no already yes sir yes
Sir, everyone must have seen the videos etc.
So what is it now, the price has gone up from here
Then it came down, then it went up, then it came down
So this whole zone looks like support now what
Eventually the support broke and the support
Broken in a very nice dominance candle
So if we look at it logically, there is a lot here.
It's Making Good Sense to Short the Market
Okay, but because of this blunt candle, I will
Never Short This Market and What Happened
Eventually, the stop loss if shorted
So my stop loss would have been equal to that, sir, when
Saw a blunt candle, after that I went long too
If she doesn't do it right, nothing will stop.
would have come down somewhere and down seconds
I would have found an entry somewhere near the support
If I had longed, I would have happily longed.
over there because I have a blunt candle
Secondary confirmation would have been that the price
It is very likely that at least this one will feel
He will definitely come and communicate this to him.
Later I Can Plan Accordingly Got It
Got it sir thank you so much sir you are welcome
You are welcome, one more thing apart
From All These Things Look Like Now 10
People go away, okay, whenever I tell them.
Some sanity, hold on while I tell you something.
Never until class is over
Miss and don't
close people are there who want that
Let the class end soon and I should
Gate
Isn't it free?
They have this happen everywhere everybody but
I'm like, no, you should be ending you.
should be holding towards the end so that
Everything is clear to you now, I am a
I am going to tell you a topic that will be missed by 10 people.
He will be missed, what will happen, he will be separated from
All the candles I brought you slowly
I will keep giving you tonics about
Psychology Psychology Psychology Watch Now
I shared a post on Broad In on my Instagram.
okay to go to broadcast and I did two
A poll was taken the day before. one then
I took the poll of cars and bikes. They
So it was for such fun. Before that I had a
Poll taken on what you should do in the market
Do you want? What will your M be? Your M
will have to make money in the market or your
This would be right in the market. Total in that
4000 votes have been cast so far. He got 4000 votes
3000 people have told me that I am in the market
I have to be right and 1000 people have said so.
That I have to make money in the market. And this
Only 1000 people will be able to make money. 3000 people
You will only lose money. even if it's right
chart
In. That is the difference between analysis
and trading.
The chart can go in your favor yet you can
Lose Money and You Can Be Wrong Multiple
Times in the Market You Can Still Make Money
hai so that's that's the thing ok or Vivek ray
Your
Hand Vivek's voice is coming
Hello hello yes hi sir good morning good
Morning or is it good morning here sir
Actually, I had no plan, so I
I am basically in Canada, so here
I am having a little difficulty like
I have given you work schedules and study schedules.
You must have sent messages on Instagram, yes sir
Basically, I set my plan.
I spend two-two months trading as
I don't want to do practicals, I just want to learn it perfectly.
Or like I don't know anything to be
I don't know how to place an honest stop loss yet. Correct
Is. Ok. Have You Seen That Video
In which I wrote the tutorial
How to place stop loss and all this thing
told. Yes sir, perfect, perfect
Basically I will learn till March-April.
I will do something like this, I will conduct live classes.
So please guide me through all that. Yes, yes
Don't worry. Don't worry about it. Ok. End
This is the right approach. means if you
Are not in a hurry, not if it's fine
Okay, I will learn this and then I will do it.
Practice when I have a great development
Only then will I put some money here, guys.
Things will work out great, alright.
Chalo That Was It For Today See You Tomorrow By
Brother
