If you watch this video till the end, I
 
promise you that your
entire trading approach will change. If
you haven't started trading yet
or are about to start, then this
video is even more important for you
so that you understand the mindset of professionals and
plan your trades accordingly.
I will tell you by giving my own example
that yes, this was my first mistake
and after that, when I realized this, then
this improvement came in my life. So,
without wasting much time, let's go
straight to the video.
[Music]
Go now. The topic we are going to discuss
today is called Risk
Management. Now, after listening to this, you might be thinking that
this is going to be another old video on risk
management where I will tell you some
complications, no, yes, okay,
take a risk of this much amount, do it this way, do it
that way, this number, that number, and we will
end the video by going into the calculations.
But this video is not going to be like that at all.
It is going to change your trading.  And
your psychology forever now, understand carefully
what I am trying to say in this video,
whenever we make a trade plan, the first
thing is that whenever the topic of risk management comes up,
you cannot do risk management by looking at someone and copying them,
I am telling you the reason,
someone's capital may be 5000,
someone's capital may be 10000,
someone's capital may be 50000 and
someone's capital may be 1 lakh, 2 lakh, 5 lakh,
10 lakh, 1 crore, the person who is following at 1 crore,
if the same thing is
followed by a person at 10000 then it does not make any sense,
this is the biggest reason, if
you look more at those people who are
trading in crores or
who are trading 20, 25, 50 lakhs,
their psychology, their setup, their risk
management and their way of trading will be
completely different from yours and if you
go to copy them on the same thing then you will spoil the whole work and
sit idle, I am telling you the reason
whenever  If you see someone trading and making
big profits,
you might think, "
I want to make a big profit, too." This is
especially true if, say, tomorrow is
trading day and you
watched that video the day before. The same thought keeps lingering in your mind,
and you don't think, "
My capital is only this much. If
I try to make such a big profit on my capital, it will
ruin everything." So, first of all,
understand that risk management is going to be
different for everyone. Now, let me
explain in detail what will happen to each person. So,
if your capital is ₹5,000,000, I
take it all in the range of ₹5,000 to ₹25,000,
and this is going to be a harsh reality and a
hard truth that you will have to
accept. Until I
accepted my mistakes,
I couldn't grow. And even today, when
I make some mistakes, I
want to accept it and say, "Yes, it's okay,
this is my mistake."  I accept it.
Next time I won't repeat this mistake.
Unless you accept your mistakes, you wo
n't be able to move forward, neither in trading
nor in life. So,
coming back to the topic, if you have a capital of Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 25,000, then
assume that
you are going to pay that fee to the market, and there is nothing
wrong in it. Even if
you lose that capital, it should
n't make much difference to you. I am
telling you the reason: you go to study, you go to
learn something new. Suppose you take an
animation course, suppose you take a
technology course, you learn something, you
learn Tally Valley. There are many things,
all of them are expensive courses, 25,000, 50,000,
60,000, one lakh. And after doing that course, it is
not necessary that you do well,
but it is not that your time is
wasted, you learn something from it.
Similarly, if you have started with less money,
5,000, 10,000.  15000 25000 20000 By doing this, even if the
thing is lost, you should still be happy
that okay boss, I paid the fee
and I learned something from it. If I did
n't learn, then it's useless. And if I learned, then
it's not useless at all. So the first thing that comes to your
mind when you think, okay boss, even if I incur a loss, I'm okay,
this will be my fee. This is specifically
for those who are about to start. You
know what will happen. You will never have the mental pressure to
make a profit because you have
already decided in your mind that okay, even if there is a loss, it's fine. So, there will be
no pressure on you while executing a trade. I don't know
how much you understand,
but this is very important to understand. Secondly,
now let's
talk about risk management. Risk
management is based on everyone's goals.
Suppose I want to earn a lot of money, then if
I want to earn a lot of money, then big money wo
n't come without big risk. There is
also a thing called reward in trading through which
big profits can be achieved.  Money is made and I have said many times
that if you want to make big money
then aim for big rewards with small risks
but if you risk ₹000 and
get a 1:1 target then you will make only ₹10,000
but if you want to make a lakh in that then
you will have to take a risk of ₹10,000 only then
you will be able to make ₹1 lakh in a 1:1 target.
You have to keep this thing in your mind that the
risk of ₹5,000 to ₹25,000,
according to me, should be 2 to 3 percent of
your total cap because if you trade less than this then 1 percent normally the
rule is 1 percent when
we are doing intraday trading or scalping,
in scalping it is even less,
by the way it is 0.5 percent but if we are
doing intraday then we can go up to 1 percent. Right now
your capital is very less,
so let's assume that you will have to take a trade at a risk of 2 to 3 percent. Now now
You decide whether the money earned against a risk of 2 to 3 percent is
sufficient for you or not.
This video is getting a bit long, I
understand, but you will have to understand all these points, only then will
you be able to trade well.
Suppose you have ₹2500000
at 1 percent, the risk of 50 percent becomes
7. If you
take a risk of 50 against 50, then you have to make an investment of
22100 or 2800.
I am not interested in making 700 against 700, and you should
not be either. If you want to survive in the Langar Run in future, then now once
you understand
that I will get this much money in exchange of 750, is that sufficient
for me?
Now if you ask any person earning ₹1 lakh per month, he will
say no, and he  If he
repeatedly brings in money in installments of Rs. 25,000 and
squanders it every time,
what's better for him? He should bring in a large capital all at once
so that when he makes money, he can understand it.
But you should always start small.
Okay, practice a little once. Be
ready to lose 5, 10,000 rupees.
After that, you will need capital according to your income, only then will
growth be possible.
Otherwise, the money you have made will always seem less,
and then you will lose all your money by getting caught in a loop of overtrading. I hope
you understand this point. If we talk about risk management, then let's
set the risk according to your capital. Okay,
this is my M and I want to take this much risk.
For example, it happens to be 2 or 3, but if
you are going for 5, 6, 10, then that is wrong.
For that, watch this video. You will
understand it in more detail. But
once you have decided your risk,
now you have to
set an M in your mind.  Well, when you
come to setting, what will you set? You will set
that I will make this much money against this.
For example, if it is 25,000, then I will make 25,000 into 50,000, I will make
40,000, I will make 50,000, I will do 6
Hajj, I will do it alone.
If you ask any person, he will give you the same answer
and you yourself must have thought this whenever you
added capital that I will make 25 into
500, I will make 1 lakh, I will make 2 lakh.
Now I will tell you the perspective of a trader,
specifically a day trader because I have
taught beginner level people who know zero
and I have also sat with such people
whose net worth is in millions of dollars. It is
not my own, but theirs and
they are trading with millions of dollars.
And such a person has 40-40 years of
experience. A video is going to be released soon,
you will get to see it very soon. Now that is the
trader's point of view.  That is,
you have to decide that I am going to execute 50 trades from here,
not
25000, 40000 or 50000, I am going to
execute 50 trades,
until 50 trades are completed, I do
not want to see what money I made, what happened, what did not happen,
I just have to
execute 50 trades as per my setup
and if you follow this exercise properly,
trust me you will see a
drawstring, that is, you cannot imagine that
just with this single thought your trading can
reach from here to here, once you execute 50
trades, now after doing 50 trades, do you know
what will be the biggest question in front of you, you will understand that boss, during the duration of these 50
trades, I am working at a risk,
let's say of 2, so now if
we do simple multiplication, simple division, then you will
understand that the risk of 100% capital on 2,
that is  I will only be able to make 50 trades.
Okay, the moment you understand this,
you will understand that
following risk management is very
important for me because now my goal
is not to make money, my goal is to execute 50 trades.
And trust me, 30
might have been too much. I only made 20
trades. With the mindset of that 50 trades,
20 trades. By the time you reach
here, your trading would have already
reached this level. You will see the next level of
improvement. And you know,
me or other professionals who have been
trading in the market for five, 10, 15, 15 years, do not have money in their mind at all.
This is what is in their mind. I have just told you 50%
because you will still be
working at heavy risk, maybe not 1 on 1, 2 on 2,
or if the capital is less, then I can also
take 5%. But how do I plan to
trade intraday at 1  If the scalping swing is at 0.5, then it is
at 2 to 3 and that too overall, if I
add my net worth then it is also never
at 2, 3 or 1
and what is my M from here, for example,
what is my M here for 2025, my M is not to make x amount of
dollars, x amount of money, my M is to
execute 100 trades first moment, all
pass 100 trades then over the span of this whole year,
this whole year I have to
execute 500 good trades, that is my
mission as a day trader, not just making money
and I know as a trader, if this is my
mission,
implementing anyhow, that is how the average theory works, that is how
trading works, so I
hope you have understood these terms and this
particular term will take your trading to the next
level, if you like it, please give it a like
and that's it.
