How to start from zero in 2026 if you haven't started trading yet
 
?  Which platforms
are best for you?  Which markets
can you trade in?  Is it right to trade in Bitcoin
, is it right to trade in stock market
, should I do options, futures,
forex, what should I do with gold,
silver?  How should it be done?
We will talk about all this in detail.   The
video may be a little long because
again if I try to explain everything in detail then the
video will definitely become long.
But if you want to learn everything then
sit carefully, make notes and understand everything in detail.
So let's start.  So if we
look at 2026, the market environment will have changed to a great extent.
Market trends are
changing.  Many things are
going well at this time and
where is the best opportunity for you at this time or in
short understand in which direction I am actually moving.
What things am
I more focused on?  Let me explain that to you.  And
how you should actually plan.
I share everything with you based on my experience.  First of all,
if we talk about the absolute beginner level, let us
talk about those who do not even know the T of trading.
In 2026, he still does
n't know the basics of trading.  And as far as
I can guess, there will be a lot of people like this
because people are still slowly
learning things and as per our population, the
number of active
traders or people who want to come into this field
or who know about it properly is
very less.  So if we look at it from that perspective,
first of all you have to understand
what types of markets can be there.
Now if we talk about types of markets, then
it is something like where you
can go and plan your trade.  First of all,
you can
go to the crypto currency market and make a trade plan.
You can go and trade in Bitcoin, Ethereum and other
crypto currencies.
Now when it
comes to crypto, there is a 30% tax on crypto
that you have to pay.  But at the
end I will tell you about a platform
where you will not have to pay that 30% tax
system.  You
can go there and do simple crypto trading and secondly you also get the opportunity to make direct bank to bank
deposits and bank
to bank withdrawals.  There are a
lot of positives when it comes to the crypto currency market.
But because sometimes you have to do P to P.  It is
basically P to P.  We
send money person to person then
take USDT.  Due to this, our
account gets frozen many times.  So, there are
big problems in the basic principles and basic process of crypto trading
and because of that,
many people do not like to do crypto trading.
So I will explain to you what the session of all this is.
First of all, if we talk about the
crypto market, then the crypto market
runs 24*7.  This is the biggest reason which
helps you to manage your trade
anytime.  Now you may be a person doing a job
or you may say you have a
business.  If you have 3-4
hours at any time in 24 hours then
you can go and make a trade plan.
Now if we look at 24 hours, then out of 24 hours, let us tell you that
you are busy from 9:00 to
6:00 or from 10:00 in the morning to
10:00 in the evening.  Even if you
plan at 11:00 pm at night that friend,
I will sit for 2 hours from 11:00 am to 12:00 am till 1:00 am.  I
will see if I get some
trade weight in the market, I will buy it.  So this
is the opportunity.  Whereas if we talk about Indian
stock market or option futures elsewhere, then
you will not be able to do it here but
you can do it in crypto.  This
is the plus point of crypto currency.  Now
what should be the platform?  So
look, there are many platforms.  But the
platform which is being used the most in India at present and which
I also use.  Plus the
biggest plus point there is that you
can deposit money directly from the bank and withdraw money directly from the bank.
This
is a platform made purely for trading.
You will find the link to this platform in the bio below.
You can simply go there and click on it to
open your account.
You will get two plus points on opening the account.  First of all,
it is a free account and you will get a 10%
free discount.  If you
open it from the link below.  Another plus point is that
you will also get access to the crypto community
which is the free my community.
There I simply share with you whatever trades I make in
crypto currency
so that you can learn and observe the real life
trading so
that you can become better
in trades.  So all these benefits are
with you.  Now if we
talk about the negatives in this, then one negative is
that the fees on this platform are a bit high.
Why are the fees high?  Because the government
charges GST of 18% from then on.
You will have to pay for it yourself, no one will give it from his own pocket.
So to avoid that, the simple
option is to plan less trades.  Do
n't make too aggressive trade plans.  Otherwise, if
seen overall, the overall process
is good.  And the biggest plus point is that you do
not face any issues in deposit withdrawal.
And if the deposit withdrawal is good then
after that the same chart is there, same buy, sell
buttons, same leverage, everything is available.  You
can easily go and deposit Indian Rupees and directly plan your trade in it.  This is
about the crypto market, which
platform can you use.  Now
talking about the crypto market, there are three types
of segments here.  Futures, Options and
Spot.  Let's start with the spot.  Spot
means that you simply
buy and hold the cryptocurrency.  You
cannot do that on this platform.  Apart from this,
you can buy crypto on other platforms like Binance etc.   In
that too, you may or may not have legal issues.
Lots of things are there.
You should do some research.
I will just tell you this.  Secondly, if we talk about
options and futures,
you can trade both these things on this platform.  That
means you can simply go and make a deposit
and start trading in your IAR directly.
And this is how the whole thing
works.  Right?  The biggest
plus point of futures is that the
contracts here are perpetual
contracts.  Which means
that they run 24*7.  There is no
expiry and futures
contracts are not zero.  All you have to do is
manage your position.  It should come properly.
Place a stop loss, set a target and
sit back.  If a trade is
taking three days to hit the target, then
your trade will continue as it is for three days.
One more thing you need to keep in mind is
that many times we neglect the funding fees.
Funding fees are also a
small thing that gets cut.  Funding fees are
deducted by every broker.  Funding fees are one
type of fee because you are
getting leverage.  So for leverage
you have to pay some minor funding fees.  Take
some care of him.  So
if you take a little care of all these things
then it becomes easier for you to trade.
This was the crypto market.  This was about the
platform and how you can move forward.
I will tell you exactly what knowledge you should have to trade, that too at the
end.  But first we are still
exploring the markets.  Now let's talk about the
Forex market.  The second most
frequently asked question is
what platform is there in the Forex market?  Which
platform should I trade on?
Where can we plan?  First of all,
if we talk about the Forex market, this
market runs for 22 hours.  Monday to
Friday.  The crypto market operates 24*7.
But this market runs 22*5.
You can trade things here.  Like
gold you can trade which is
called xu usd.  You can trade silver.
You can trade Euro USD etc.
Basically, you
can go to those sessions and plan currency trades.
For that, if you want to know more information then
I am telling you a free website.  The
name of that website is I Think Baby Pips.
There you will get some more information
about which pair should be traded in which session.
In short, understand that there are
two currencies.  For example,
take Euro and USD.  The Euro
is a separate currency.  USD is a different currency.   There is
always a fluctuation in points between the two.
And our
job as a trader is to catch those fluctuations.
This was the simple Forex market.
Now let's talk about
how you can trade in the Forex market while living in India.
If you look directly, the Forex
market is not illegal in India, it
is legal but there is no regulated platform
in India.  You can call it a loop
or another option is that you
can choose a simple funded account.  Now funded accounts
give you the option to
trade Forex directly.  Just like XOU
became USD, Euro became USD.   Among
these.  Now what is a funded account?  Let me
explain these to you in short.  After this, if
you want me to
make a dedicated video on funded accounts, then I will make that too.
Because many of my students have
traded in funded accounts and have
received good payouts from it.  So you
can also learn U Know and work.  If
I tell you these in short, then suppose you have
₹5 and ₹100.  You have
$100 from Lets.  So $100 can get you a $5,000
account.  That means with $10,000
you can get an account worth approximately Rs 45 lakh to trade.
Before that, you just have to
prove to yourself whether you have
those skills or not.
After you cross that page, you will get the account.
Whatever profits are made are split.
70-60 something percent is yours
and the remaining 20-30% belongs to the funded firm.
And this way you can grow your
Forex holdings with a funded account.
Also, what
platform is it?  So there
is an application called Vantage which is running well.
You can also go to Vanz and plan your trade.
You will also find its link
in the description below and if you open an
account, you also
get benefits.  Plus what is the best funding account
?  Where do you actually get payouts?
Now you will get its link also.  You
can simply open an account through the link and
start trading.  So I
explained cryptocurrency to you.  I
explained Forex to you.  Now if we talk about the third one, it is
our Indian stock market.
Now if we talk about the Indian market, the
Indian market runs from 9:15 to 3:30.
If we talk about the Indian market, there are
three types of segments here.  Firstly,
you can go to the equity segment and buy and sell simple shares.
Like Reliance happened,
HDFC happened.  These types of shares.  Second
comes futures, third is options.
If I tell you to trade in the Indian market, there are
many applications
like Jail 1, Zerodha.
You can open it directly by going into these.
I have given the link below if you want to
open the account directly.  Plus, one very
important thing if you are planning to trade in the Indian market is to choose
options very carefully.  In options,
you should make sure that there is complete proper
initialization first.  You have understood everything.  How does Thiza DK
work?  What is a gamma blast
?  How do sudden spikes occur?  You know
how premium and options are measured
?  You should know all these things.  Only then should
you actually plan your options otherwise you will incur
losses.  The calculation of futures is straightforward.
You should know how to read charts and
plan your trade on the basis of the charts.   You set a
stop loss and target and that's it.
But you need to learn hedging in the future also
because if there is
some momentum in the market suddenly then only hedging
saves you.  So you should have proper information about all this.
If you have an infection then you can
move ahead and learn.  Now after this
comes the commodity market.
What is a commodity?  Like gold,
silver, copper, aluminium.
You can trade in all these.  You must have
noticed that silver is very much in trend these days.
8-9 months ago, we had done a
live analysis on silver and had planned
that currently silver is trading at $30 an ounce, something like
3035, and
a very good move is expected from here and today
silver is going to reach around $100.  So
silver is very much in trend at this time.  So
where can you trade all these things?  There
are two types of platforms in commodities where
you can plan your trade.  First of all,
you can trade by going to the funding account you have taken.  The
name of the forex pair of Gold is XU
USD. Secondly,
you can go to the Bancshares platform and make a trade plan there
and thirdly, if you want to trade in the Indian market,
you should make a trade plan directly
in the Indian market on One or
Zerodha or whatever it is.
For that, you simply have to go
to your broker and search for Gold
Future. If you enter Gold FI, you will
see the contracts of MCX. There, there are
mini lots, micro lots
and main lots as well.  So,
whatever money you have, you
can buy a lot of ₹1.5 lakh and you
can also buy 4-5 lots with margin up to ₹8 lakh.
You have to explore a bit and in this way
you
can trade gold and silver commodities in your Indian demat account and
also trade in Forex which
is a trading platform.  Plus you
can also use the option of a funded account.
You have many
options to trade commodities.  So if we talk about this, then this was
about the types of markets in short.
Now if you look carefully, you have to do a
little more research in all these markets.  And
I would like to tell you one more thing that you should
pick up one or two of these things.
Put your whole life into it.  For example, right now
my entire focus is on crypto
currency and forex.  Because I have
expanded myself a bit and it is a
bit easier for me to trade crypto and forex now.  So that's why
my entire focus is
crypto and forex because it gives me
leverage.  What type of leverage?  I can
manage my positions 24/7
and it's a little easier to plan things.
Price action moves a little better.  There is a
little less manipulation.  These are the
types of things.  There is a benefit to all this.
When I was traded in 2016-17, no
one talked much about it.
But now again finally that trend is back
and now people are talking
and learning about it.  Well, if you are an
individual trader then it doesn't matter to you.
Yes, it is better if you are a content creator.
Because guys if
you are into CryptoForex and want to learn the same then it is
better for you.  It is easy for you to explain.
But other than that as an
individual trader you just need to focus on
one or two things and that's it.  So I
told him.  In this you can also do this
that suppose if you understand the Indian market then
you can take the Indian market
plus commodity or you can take
crypto, forex, that's it.
So in this way, do not restrict yourself to just one or two
places and put all the
information, all the knowledge, all the focus on these one or two
places only and it would be better
if you bring your entire focus to one place.
Like many
traders only trade gold.
Many traders only trade Bitcoin.
Many traders
trade only Nifty.  So
you have 1000
options to trade in this way.  But if you choose two-three better things for yourself, then it will
work better for you in the long term.
Because your muscle memory builds up.
When it comes to intraday and scalping.
Now let's talk about the dynamics of trading. After understanding the market, the
next thing you have to learn is the
dynamics of trading.
Why am I calling this trading dynamics
?  Because usually what happens is that
we know the basic principle
that yes, we have to place the order like this,
take the stop loss like this, take the target and
that's it.  Basic buy sell comes.  But
trading dynamics means
understanding the actual language of trading.  And
understanding its actual state and how it works.  Let me tell you for example.  For
example, if we normally
buy any equity or buy Bitcoin, then
you will see buy and sell there.
But when it comes to trading, the words
buy and sell are not used there.   The words
long and short are used there.
And there is a thoughtful decision behind this.
Why is long pronounced as long?
Whenever there is a long trade, there is no
limit on increasing the long.  So whatever
long trade you have, you can hold it for a long time.  That's why it is called
long.  The short trade is
for the short term.  Because whenever the momentum comes and the
market falls, it falls in a flash way, it
falls very fast, so we can hold these short or long
trades for a while,
but the short trades are
not held at all, in them a
stop loss target is quickly found and
exit is taken, so it is very important to understand how trading works eventually.
Now this
was just one part.  Apart from this you have to
learn about leverage.  What is leverage?
How does it work?  Understanding position sizing.
These are some of the important things that
come under trading dynamics.  Comes into the process.  And once
you learn all these basic things, it becomes
easier for you to trade like a professional.  Now that you have
learned the basic trading dynamics.  Now let's
talk about charts because you are going to do
all your trading on charts.   There
is no need to learn much rocket science to understand the charts.  I
will tell you only four things and
if you master those four things.  I am telling you
these four things are enough.  However, if I
talk about myself, I may not know these four things, I
may know 15-20 things but
I primarily use these four and I have
connected with so many people.  I have
also taught so many people.  I have met him personally.
Taught personally.  You know it is
taught in free classes.
Told in offline classes.  So all I can say with my
experience is that master these four things
and you are all set.  And what are those four things
?  First of all learn support and
resistance.  The market is all about support
and resistance.  That's it.  Now support
resistance does not mean that
just by drawing a line we are done.
Don't understand why that support is there?
Why That Resistance Isn't.  And secondly,
how is the price reacting near the support and resistance.  We always
see that okay, there is support, if it passes here, I will say
bye.  But this does not happen.
Some times price comes there you have to see
how price reacts.
Create your counter on that basis.  Then
comes the turn of candlesticks.  The most
important thing is on the candlestick.  I do
n't think anyone could have given a better lecture than me.
You will go and see.  I
made it two years ago or maybe last year. I took a live
video. It is a 34-hour video
and in that, I summarized all the 15, 20, 50
candlestick patterns and
brought them into three, saying that only these
three are important.  These are the only three bases.   All the other
things have been made by mixing all these.  For
example, there are three primary colors in colors.
Other colours are made by mixing them.
Similarly, there are three primary candlesticks.
Multiple
candlestick patterns are created by combining them.  So you
learned support resistance, you learned candlesticks.
After that you have to learn volume.
Volume is very important because there are some
things that cannot be faked.
One of those things is volume.  Technically it can be
faked but it
is very difficult to show fake volume.  To create volume
you will also have to punch orders in the market.
You need to get into the market.  Money will have to be pumped only then the
volume will show.  So
volume is one thing that gives you solid
confirmation about a trade.  Fourth
and last and underrated thing is EMA.
You will need to learn about moving averages.
What are moving averages?
Moving average.  How much the price is moving around the average
and moving averages are a type of
dynamic support/resistance.  So
if your moving average, dynamic support
resistance and actual support resistance are
matching then that means it is a very
good zone.  You can play things out this way
and apart from these four things that
I am telling you, there is
no need to learn anything else.  If you learn these four things well,
master Kar Lean, you are all set.
After that, all you need is a strong
psychology.  For that you have to learn risk
management.  Not just numbers that yes okay
1% risk 2% no.  You have to understand
how risk management works over
100 trades or over 50 trades and
how it will impact your trading as a whole.
Then you have to learn about possession sizing.
Then you have to learn about risk to reward.
Why is that important?
How will that help out trading?  Again with
the longer vision of 50 to 60 to sometimes
100 trades.  Then when you learn all this about position
sizing, risk management, risk reward.
Now after that, one of the
most important and underrated things you have to do,
which no one talks about much,
is practice.  The more you will set
in practice the less you will bleed on war
which is a saying that is absolutely true.  The
more you sweat in practice,
the less you will actually bleed in war.
So the more you practice,
keep this thing in mind that boss, this is
my real money.  I will treat that capital
like real money and keep my
emotions under control and
plan accordingly.  The better your
real trading will be.  You can make a rule
that until I complete 500
paper trades, I will
not use real capital.  And honestly, if
you pass the challenge that I will not
trade until I trade with the password, then it will be
real capital and every trade of
yours should be thoughtful.  You will beat 60, 70, 80% of the
people just like that if you do it
with discipline.  It's a bit tough.
Sounds easy that I will make 500 trades
in four months but it is difficult.
Because as soon as you go 10, 20, 50 feet,
your motivation gradually starts decreasing.
But if you can do this then
you will see a drastic
change.  Whatever I tell you, I
tell you on the basis of practical experience
and I tell you those things which can actually
help you out.  That is why those who
apply it, they see the
results.  So if we talk about complete all-in trading, then
we can move forward in this manner in 2026.
Now if we talk about me,
what am I looking forward to the most?
So I have only two big plans from here.
I am fully
dedicating myself.  First in Bitcoin because
if we talk about Bitcoin, I have been
trading in crypto for almost
10 years on January 9th.  The
first time I
heard about crypto and opened
my account on the first exchange in India
was in 2016, January 9, 2016, and on January 9, 2026,
I will have completed 10 years in it.  So
I learned a lot from the market.
Saw a lot of bicycles around me.  And there
is also a saying that if you experience two-three cycles, then by the
third or fourth cycle
you already become a millionaire
in crypto currency.  You just have to stay firm.
And my second focus is on
gold which is x you USD.  Because
I have
some advantage due to expansion.  There is a leverage that I can
trade gold very comfortably.
And I also have outside platforms
where I do trade plans.  And along with this,
I
like to go towards a little swing in silver, though not intraday.  Am.
I've had a lot of good swings in silver.  Have
also taken a couple of scalps.  Very good.
I took a scalp on December 31st.  It was a
very good scalp.  It is a little emotional.
Well, I will make a dedicated video on that so that
you can learn and not make such emotional mistakes.
But anyway this was the whole video
where I explained to you whether
you should be out, what markets
are there and what is trending right now and where are the
best opportunities.  Crypto is obviously
good.  Because it
runs 247.  Because of 247, you
get one benefit that you can do it even if you are in job.
You cannot do Indian market while having a job.
But here the time is
running 24 hours a day, so it is
easy for you to manage things.  And see,
when the market is running 24*7,
multiple opportunities keep coming your way.
So you can plan it out as per your convenience.
You will have to leave it in the Indian market.  The
rest from In the End I Will Don't just take
my word for it.  Do your own research and
move ahead with what you understand well.  He will help you
out more.  And
I have given the links of all other platforms below.  You
can simply go and join.  And the plus point is that if
you join anything,
you also get free community access.
Where I share all
my trades and plans
so that you can learn
things on the basis of real trade and real experience.
Plus, if you want to join live trading,
then you can simply subscribe to this channel for live trading.
Here I try to
come live daily at 9:00 and we sit and trade live
using these concepts
and it is a very good experience
because you see all the trades live,
profit, loss, everything.  So, as much as I can from my end,
I am trying my best
to contribute so that the
trading community grows and you people learn
and we create a very big community.   The
effort is that in the coming time, this
Wiz Trader Community should
become the largest trading community in the world.
So hopefully, if everyone supports us, we will
definitely do it.  And This Was It.
Whatever doubts or questions you have, please
tell me in the comment section.  I will
try to reply.  And along with that,
I will try the comments which have the most likes, for example, if
you want to
learn Funet account then you simply go and click
about Funet accounts.  So what I will do is I will
explain in detail
how to pass videos to fanned accounts and what is the
complete process.
I will also show you by taking a trade.  Plus, I will
also suggest to you the plans made by all the students who have taken payouts.
So
you can learn from all those experiences.  That was it.  I hope it
helps.  And lastly, one more thing that you have to
learn is support, resistance, candlesticks and volume,
for this actually you do
not even need to take any course.  Honestly, if you go and
open a simple account, then
after opening the account you will
get community access and all this will be
taught to you in free courses in the community.
So you just go learn, work hard, move forward.
And that was it from my side.  All the
best.
