How I became a millionaire trader and how you
 
can become a millionaire trader by following all my steps and how you
can plan all the things and I will tell you everything
one by one step by step.
First, I will explain to you
how to approach trading.
With what mindset should one learn and
what exactly things need to be learnt
because there is a lot of confusion.  That
confusion will always hold you back.  Because
if you are working on one thing and
you do not have a proper road map
and you are using unnecessary hands in it, you will
not get any result
and on the other hand if you have all the proper
things then chances are high that you
may start doing very well in one year or you
may start doing very well in six months, so
I will share all the things with you and then I will
explain to you some truths which
you do not know yet and you should know,
if you want to take trading as a career then
you should know all these things in advance and
keeping that in mind you have to move ahead.  Then in the
end I am going to tell you my whole story about
how you can follow those things.   You
can take the steps I took and how
you can become a very good trader and how you
can actually make some money.  Look, trading and
becoming a trader is one thing.
What are those first steps you will take besides becoming a trader?
How will you get the first money?  Because trading
requires money.  So what steps did I
take?  How did I make it?  Then I
went through all the things one by one, one by one, I will explain all that to you,
that you don't have blunders, everything and at the
end there is a bonus, I will not tell you about the bonus now, you will
see it at the end so that we do
n't waste much time, let's go straight to the video,
now how to learn trading, what you have to do is to
understand the aspects and don't just
believe me, listen to me and go to the pages which
you trust and watch their 10-15
videos, if they have
talked about it in such a manner, go and listen, relate, if you find it
relatable then follow it, it is
okay, what is trading exactly,
see, trading is all about finding
yourself, now you will say that right now I do
n't understand support resistance, I don't know
candlesticks, then you will not
understand what this chapter of finding yourself is, it will
completely confuse you and this is
also true.  First of all you should
learn candlesticks, learn support resistance and trend
lines.  Many people learn SMC.
It is all the same thing all around.  It is like the
way someone tells you to drink normal turmeric
milk, you will not drink it.
But you can get the same thing at Starbux
by the Latin name turmeric.  You will drink it comfortably
and it will taste great.  That's a thing.  He
realises it after a long time.  But in the
end learn all is well.  I am not speaking ill of anyone.
Learn in the language you understand.  If you do
not understand support become resistance then
learn it like mitigation block.  It's the same
thing.  I hope you got the point.  But whatever happens,
clear these basics for yourself.
What happens after clearing the basics?
You will practice in the chart.
What will happen if you practice on the chart?  Don't do anything right now.
Money has not been involved anywhere like that.
Now you will practice in the chart.  The chart will start
moving according to your wishes.  Meaning
you will start getting good trades in these shorts.  And then
you will get the confidence that no, yes boss,
whatever I have studied, whatever I have learnt till now.
Now he is working on the chart.
But will you make money after that?  The
answer is no.  Then after that you have to learn
risk management, money management, risk to
reward.  Now I can hear each word
and I can summarize them in one line.  I
will tell you how.  Follow risk management with a risk of 1%.
Money Management
Divide your capital into four parts.
Trade in two parts.  Keep two parts
in the bank so that in case there is any penalty,
you can withdraw the other fund and continue your journey.  Do
n't close.  Do
not trade by keeping all the money in one place.  In these short money
management risk to reward averages,
you want to achieve a risk to reward of 1:3 or above.
Position sizing
is a simple formula.  Your stop loss divided by the
chart stop loss.  Divide the stop loss you see in the candle on the chart by the amount of time you expect
and you will get the
position sizing you should take.  I have
explained all four things to you in one line.  But do
n't you need to do more research on this?
Absolutely.  Risk management in one word,
follow the risk of 1% and
why is that 1% risk necessary?
How will Over the Longer Run work?  There is a lot of difference between the two.
When you understand both aspects,
why is 1% important?  Then you will follow him.  You will
not follow just because I say so or because someone else says so.  After doing so many things
you don't need to learn anything more.
Now you will say that you yourself
say that you should always keep learning new things.
I am still learning.  And that's true.
But that new one will teach you the market.   No
one can teach you that.  I'm
telling you trust me.  This yes,
as you are watching my videos, you know
I will take a trade sometime like now but in
reality you will have to face the test.
After learning this much, it is not very complicated.
Trading is a very simple thing.  Just that
simple thing when you understand that it's okay, that's all it was.
This is the work done.
After that, the line I said in the beginning,
trading is all about
finding yourself.  Finding yourself
means finding your edge.  How are
you going to enter the market by making a plan according to your condition
so that you can make some money.
That's a lot.  It develops over time.
Now you have learned all these steps.  Everyone
followed and many of you might have
done this thing by now.  What after that?
One thing you have to make sure is that you are
making money from the market.  Make a little.  Made 10%.
I'm saying I made 15% in a year.
Now if you say 15% then I will invest it in mutual funds.
I will get it from that
but what do you call interest yearly?
Last year many people must have
invested in mutual funds, must have done it in December
or before that. I can
guarantee that forget 15% return, it can
definitely be in negative 20%, the
probability of this is very high. Will it
remain in negative only? We don't know, will they definitely get
15% return at the end of the year, I don't
think so or will they not get it, I don't think so, it
means nothing is fixed but if
you make even 15% by trading, then that is
your earning for the year.  It is your hard work and you
created it through the process.  You have made it once, so you will keep
making it again and again through the process.  On the other hand,
in investing, it is not certain that you will definitely get
12%.
To get that 12%-15%, you will have to
invest the money and forget about it for 10 years.  It does not happen
that if you invest today, you will definitely get 12% at the end of the year.
But even if you
made 15-20% from trading, you made it yourself.  Now
why am I talking to you at such a low level
?  You will say, friend, what kind of things is this 15%, 20% person saying
?  Here people
make 50% of the day.  Make it.  I
made it myself.  The capital has doubled every single day on the
expiry days.  Can I
do the entire capital like this?  Can I take the risk
?  No.  So every person has a maximum
expectation.  There is a least
expectation.  The point is that if
you come even 15% below the least expectation,
that's good.  Now how will money be made after that?   There
are two ways.  There is no third one.  The first
way is to choose bigger capital.  Chase the big capital.
See how you can increase your money.
Meaning, you are earning from trading.  It is
₹1 lakh.  Let's assume you
earned ₹15,000 at the end of the year.  Now that will
not work.  It is only ₹1000 per month.
You have to do something so that you
can increase your capital because if you
earn ₹15,000 on ₹1 lakh, 15% will earn ₹1.5 lakh on ₹10 lakh.
Earn 15 lakhs on ₹1 crore at 15%.  15%
earned ₹1.5 crore on ₹10 crore.  15% Now I am
not even saying that you should get Rs 10 crore from somewhere.
But I hope you got the point that the
first option you have to choose is Big Capital.
Then you will see amazing profits.
Otherwise, you will not meet.  Because
it is fine to plan heavy risk on initial capital.  But if we talk about the process,
you will have to sacrifice your process a little.
You might need
risk management and that's mostly what will happen.
Keeping risk management aside a bit,
capital will have to be pushed more aggressively.  Is it
sensible for people who are full time traders to do that?  I don't think so.
Because if the capital of a full time trader is
lost or even reduced to half, then
he has to pay the bills in the next month also.
So it is very important to plan those
things.  Do you know what the second option is?  Gift
time is ₹1 lakh.  By the end of the year
you may have made ₹1.5 lakh, sir.  Now next year you are
not starting with ₹1 lakh.   It is starting
from ₹1.5 lakh.  You know how
compounding works.  One plus two plus four plus eight plus eight plus
16, then 32 64 128 256
5124 2056, this is how compounding works.
So the 2056 that appears at the end looks like a
very big capital.  But it
starts from the forest only.  The point is that if you
run towards compounding then
you will have to give time and be patient.
It is possible that earning ₹50,000 today or
₹50,000 a year may seem less to you, but
if you keep following the process, it will be a lot.  Try multiplying
your capital of Rs 1 lakh 10
times.  I am not taking you to the dream world.  I am
trying to explain this point.  Even if you compound ₹1 lakh.
With LETS you
grew it by 50% in 1 year.  So in 20 years,
1 lakh will compound and become 4 crore, 5 crore.
Either you have to chase bigger capital
or you have to give time.
Apart from these two, there is no third option to
grow in trading.  If you take the aggressive one
to the capital, the capital will be blown up.
Then you will have to start from zero.  So if
you are ready for that, go aggressive, I did.
Many times the capital was blown up and at the end we got the
result but then it had to be taken from here and there and only then
it was possible.  I don't want
you to get into that zone.  Now when
you plan all this, then make sure that you have
three to four years to give.
If you are going to pursue trading,
make sure you are thinking for at least 4 years.
Because I want all the
people watching me to know that quick money is good.
But you know, in the game of trading, the
biggest thing which is very underestimated is
survival.  If you
survive, the probability is very high that you will
make money.  If you cannot survive then
how will you be able to make money?  If You Can't Bet
You Can't Win.  It is a simple term.  But a
lot of focus has to be placed on survival.
How will survival pay?  When you already have a plan
that boss, you have to give it to me for 3-4 years.  I will do it
slowly and comfortably.  You wo
n't get it for a year.  No problem.
And when you become so attached to the
result that boss, the result will not come.
Capital will not grow.  No problem.  I am
learning something, right?  Every day I am
trying to learn something new.  If I learn 1% of the day, it will be
360% of the year.  Fine.  If you have
this mindset, growth will
start happening automatically.  But if you want to chase money, it will be a
little difficult there.
Money can be made.  is not a big deal.  And
I have seen it being made.  But the
money that is chased in the initial stages, after the money is made,
it goes away again.  Because it
is a probability cycle no.  What
happened today will happen again tomorrow.  Once the money is made.
Fine but at the end.  So I hope you have a
proper road map and proper mindset on how to do it.
Ok?  Well,
we have set up the trading.  You might remember that in the beginning
I had said how I became a
millionaire trader.  The Reality Is I Am Not.
It was just for catching up because
Everybody Wants to Become a Millionaire These
Days and It's So Easy Also and Sounds Way
Fascinating.  Sounds great,
Millionaire Raider.  And you guys probably
clicked faster on the video because of that
Millionaire Raider.  But think about what millionaire
means.  I am not a
millionaire.  But I have met a millionaire.   They have
so much money.  What we see is that people are
counting such bundles on social media.  Here this car, that car is worth pennies to
them.
Pennies pennies I'm telling you.  Ok?  So
a real millionaire
trader whenever you are I hope God
gives you the opportunity.  you visit.  Hopefully I will become one,
then you know it will be very great.  I
am trying my best but this could
put the capital at very aggressive risk.  Because I have
responsibilities towards my family.
So in reality I am not a millionaire
trader.  Am I not able to live a good life
?  I am living my life.  I mean,
you know, I'm getting up whenever I want.
Sometimes I don't feel like getting up.
I have to get up at 11:00.  I will get up.
I woke up at 12:00,
went to the gym at 1:00, came back at 2:00, checked at 3:00, found the
trade, it was fine.  Otherwise it doesn't matter.
After that I said I can, which means
basically I have a freedom.  That
is the most important thing and perhaps because of that freedom
I am able to create such good videos for you guys.
And why
I am telling you this is because I do
n't have to take you to any course that I am a
millionaire, come on join my course and I
will make you a millionaire.  I can't make you a
millionaire.  A Millionaire Will Never Teach You How to
Become a Millionaire.  Correct?  He can show you the
path that boss I took these steps.  Now see.  If you
can do it, do it.  If you can't do it then it doesn't
matter.  I hope you are getting the
point.  I'm basically trying to explain to you
that what appears to be a lot of clues is
not at all.  Now if you
see my story you will understand.
Start looking at things in a realistic way.
What will happen if you become a millionaire trader, then
before becoming a millionaire, try to understand
how I can earn ₹10,000 per month from trading.
Just and if you are making that much
because different types of people are watching.
Suppose you have capital of ₹15-20
lakhs.  So try this, if you become a millionaire then you will definitely become one.
That is at the end
process.  But look at those people who are
actually at your level or a
little above your level.  Making it in lakhs.  They are
making it in thousands.  And they are
making good, that thing will benefit you more.
That thing will make you hold more.
Will give more growth in laggar run.  Because
then you have the step by step.  So first
fix yours at the moment.  Don't fix your
future.  You will fix it right now at the moment.   The
future is fixed automatically.  You will keep fixing it daily at the
moment.  Future already
set.  If you grow in this way
with this mindset, you will be very
good.  Now the last sub-cent point is how
I made it?  Do you think that I just
took it from here, took it from there and took two or four
trades like this and I have made a profit of one crore
and boom it is done.  Had fun.  It's not like that.
What did I do in the beginning?
I did the job.  How much did you start your job with
?
₹3000.  What was he used to doing?  There are coaching institutes, I used to
go there and help them.  I will handle it.
Class is about to start.  I will settle everything
well and you
can say I am basically a supervisor of the class who is
looking after everything.  He is supervising.  Is everything
going well or not?
And that was the first job.  Then
after that I was interested in teaching right from the
beginning.  Because now so many
people follow Numerology Astrology.
Basically my date of birth is
three.  Meaning, if you
take out my initials, it's 12th of August.  So if
you add 2 + 1 it becomes three and
three is ruled by Jupiter.  As many people who are
ruled by Jupiter can do very good in
teachings.  They are very good, they can say they can
explain things very well.  They can
teach you things very well.  Jupiter is the
planet responsible for knowledge.  Well, this is a different thing.  Let's
not go into that right now.  This will be a very long
video.  Get it done there.  After that I
came to Joy Schools.  Start teaching in school.
I used to teach.  I used to
sometimes you know when there were annual functions,
I used to dance also and everything was so
fascinating, I used to enjoy it a lot, I used to earn money from it, I used to do
trading
and made all money, lost everything and
such phases also came where I have made
money and lost it all,
even after that what did I not do, I did
not leave the job, I left it once, that was the worst thing that happened
that the capital had become quite good,
I thought friend, now I will be able to
withdraw even 10% of the month, if not then
my life is set.  Now I do
n't need to do anything and I also made money but due to
Lala's influence, he got involved
and then I lost my job also.  That face has also come.
So that's why I want you
not to go into that face.  If you go to connect all the dots,
How It Happened?  I did a job and also did some trading and got some
money from there.  I also did investing and
then did a job.  Invested in crypto.
Matic was a very good
investment for me.  He gave me very good
returns.  Who doesn't know.  I bought it at ₹2.71.  I
think the investment was of ₹00
and the token went up to ₹300
but I think I got out of it after selling it for around ₹160 or ₹100 55
and those who know,
Rocket was made, Matic bill, I made some money from there, this is how it was made,
what is the base of all this, the
base of all this is getting your first job
and anything that you can do so that
you can earn some money, my editor
earns as much salary in a month as a
government employee earns in the teaching line.
My editor is earning more than him.
Now that editor is also working hard.  Now
that editor should use his brain if he is
investing his money now.  He is
not doing trading right now because he
is very involved right now.  But if you want, it has a
future.  So, first of all,
cash flow should come.
You should have some money.  So how will you do it?
Work on your skills.  Learn anything.
Learn video editing or you know, learn marketing and
start selling something.  Opening a small
restaurant is not a good business.
Well stall type kind of or
do anything there are so many
things but first you have to make sure
that you have money.  And that cash flow should not decrease.
And was it.  All the best.
