Hello friends, if you want to
 
start trading from scratch and you were
still wondering how to start, where to start,
I can't understand.
Now the series has started at the basic level, so let's not waste any more time.
So in this video, you will
understand in full detail what the first step should be if you want to start trading,
how will you understand the market?
We will bring a complete series from here, Day
One, Day Two, Day Three, Day Four, Day Five, Day Six,
Day Seven, Day T. The entire series will be published in this way
so that you can understand everything. The most
important thing is to sit with a pen and paper
and make your own notes. Because
if you don't make notes, then learning will be very
difficult. Therefore, it is very important that you
write down each point one by one as you understand it. Now,
what is the first step of trading? First of all,
ask yourself
why you want to trade. That means, is your aim right now just to make money or
not? Yes, that's fine. I want to make money, that's why
I am trading. Or do
you actually want to understand
how the market works?  And you
want to make money on that basis because
before starting I want to make you understand
that nothing happens quick here,
you will learn and make money as you
see things like life sl you see
on social media, it will become like mine and others too
but you think that I just
started watching videos today and I will learn
trading in a month, there is
no chance that I can make profit in a month, there is no limit on that, but will
you
become a raider in a month, no chance here, it can happen that in the
first month, second month, third month, fourth month,
fifth month you
made profit and in the sixth month you lost the entire
capital, so it is
very important to understand all the dynamics of trading from the beginning, one by one I will
try to explain everything to you,
if we talk about the very first step,
now think as a beginner who does
not know anything about the stock market, that is, he has
absolutely zero knowledge and does not even know the basics of trading, then
what will be the first step for him, the first step for him will be to
understand from what thing  I am going to make a deal,
which markets
are available for me, in which places
can I trade outside, first understand that, it is just like
if you are going to fight with someone, then
first you will understand
who that person is, what is he, how much power does he have, how much strength does
he have, you know how
tall is he, what is he, you will use your brain like this, no,
yes friend, then first find out
who is my opponent, you will not get lost by going, right, similarly
you have to understand
which markets or what
things are available near you where you
can make a trade plan,
this is the only option to grow in the right way, unfortunately you will find
5000 videos on the entire YouTube2 to
watch, but no one tells a beginner what the first
step should be, the
first step as a beginner you should take is to
understand which markets are,
okay now we understand which markets
are available, first of all we talk
about stock market, so the first option which is in
front of you is where  You can trade in the
stock market. The second option
available to you is the forex market. The third
option available to you is the
cryptocurrency market. The fourth
commodities market. Now you have to
look at the timings of all these, that is, the timing of this, this, this, this,
and on that basis, plan
how much time you can devote to each. Because I believe in something,
you should understand one thing well first,
set a target for yourself, focus on it, and
just keep working on it.
Instead of distracting yourself by thinking, "I've done this, I've done that, I've done that," there's nothing happening.
Okay, so now if
we talk about the stock market, okay? You
understand the market, the stock market, the
forex market, the crypto market, and the commodity market. If we
talk about the forex market, it
runs Monday to Friday. Saturday and
Sunday are closed. Now you might be getting questions about the
forex market.  Whether it is illegal or legal, whether it is legal, we will
see later. I will explain
everything to you at the end point. But the first
thing is to understand what options are
open. So this is the scene of the forex market.
Now, there is no timing foundation here. It is just
open for you.
You can plan as per your convenience. Okay,
then after that, if we talk about the stock market,
from 9 o'clock to 4 o'clock, you can
assume that this is the bandwidth. Okay, so
if you want to work in the stock market, then
you have that much time from 9 o'clock to 4 o'clock.
You can plan your trade in any way in between. We will
understand everything later, trading style,
this or that. But this is the thing. The crypto market
runs 24*7. Whether it is Sunday, Monday,
Tuesday, 1 o'clock in the night, or 2
o'clock, it does matter. It works 24*7.
Commodities market from 9 o'clock to 4 o'clock.  11:30 So
now you should also see that whether
you are able to give time as per your wish or not,
whether he is sitting or not, is he sitting or not sitting,
why am I telling this, you know, if I
tell a working person that okay you have to do intraday
sitting, I am pushing him into a well, in
short, if you look at it, because that
person is working, he will handle his job, he will
handle intraday, there is no time for him, either
he should take out time and fix his time and do it,
or he should only
focus on swing trading, if he has to manage it along with his job, then
trading is
not possible, it is possible along with his job, but
understand what your condition is,
how can you give time, plan on that basis,
then you will get results, nothing will happen by
running in the air like this, okay, so it is very important to
understand this aspect,
now you know that okay, these
markets are open in front of me, these are the
timings, now if  If we talk about individual markets, then
look at the stock market, this is going to be a
top video, I will
not use much technical tease in this, but I want you to
start now. Okay, so
if we talk about the stock market, then
in the stock market we have four segments,
okay, you can write it down, also four
segments. The first segment is the equity market,
it is also called the shares market, we
buy simple shares, now in this when the
company goes up, we will benefit, if the company goes down,
we will incur a loss, it is that
simple, now for that we have to research the company, blah blah blah, but in
short,
equity market is a segment
within the stock market, trading takes place in it,
okay, the second option is the
intraday option in equity itself, that is, the same share, but
if you select the intraday
option in it, then you
get a leverage of 5x, now 5x leverage
means that if you have ₹1000000
and you want to buy
three shares in reliance 1 Hajj,
okay, 000  The price is running at something like 00, I think
this is okay, so suppose we
get three shares or suppose we get four shares for
00, and only when the market goes up will there be
profit. By choosing the intraday option,
you get a margin of 00 to 0000,
which means that now you
can buy maximum number of shares which come for 0000,
but for one day, from
9:1 am to 3:15 am, that is all the time
you have, apart from this there
is no other option, after this you will have to close your position,
otherwise your broker will automatically
close your position. Now why is this,
if you feel that today in the short term
you can capture some move and if you had
more money, you would have got more money and more
profit, then brother, your broker is
giving you margin, use it and make
money. The second benefit is
what happens in the normal equity segment, till now
you will make money only when the price goes up, if it goes down,
you will incur loss and you
cannot take a trade below that, so if the market goes down, you will make profit,
but if the market falls in the next segment, then
You can also make money by shorting
two shares, but only for a day.
Okay, there are two segments. The third segment is called the
future segment. It is
a type of segment in which
futures is the option. Okay, so I am
considering futures as a segment. Futures are
exactly like equity intraday,
but the difference in it is that
you will get to hold for one month. The
position which was being given to you under compulsion at 315 p,
you can hold that position for one month. That is,
if you have
1 lakh from ₹1 lakh, then it can be assumed from ₹1 lakh to ₹1 lakh
and can be
held for one month and the profit
and loss will be according to ₹1 lakh only. If the
opposite goes then there is loss and if similar goes then there is
profit, it is like that. So this is the benefit of futures.
Now you must be thinking that
futures are the best, there is no good in it. Yes,
by the way, there is no theta decline in futures.
Theta decline as in time declines a little.  It
happens that the premium melts down a little,
but theta does not decline like that, that
your premium will become zero. Suppose
you buy a future worth ₹ lakh, then tomorrow
it will become zero. It does not become zero, so
future is the best,
why not come to future about margin. Bapu
Bhaiya, here the margin, to buy one lot,
you should have approximately ₹ lakh and
even assume a little more, okay,
that is the thing, now by buying that premium put,
we can also reduce the margin by using jugaad
and we will discuss it later when I
share the screen with you, but for now, for
understanding, this is the thing, now
futures is done, the fourth segment
is the options segment, in which options can you
trade, the equity which
we discussed earlier about shares, there are
options on shares also and
apart from that, our indices like Nifty,
Bank Nifty, Fin Nifty,
Sensex, all of these also have options,
now what is an option, an option is a type  There are
contracts. Okay, so these are our
segments of the Indian market.
If we talk about Forex, Forex is exactly like futures. It has a simple principle.
You
can choose pairs as per your choice. There are
pairs of different currencies
like Euro, USD, USD, GBP,
GBP, something like this. Okay,
and it is almost like futures trading,
where you get leverage and you
can adjust the leverage.
Leverage cannot be adjusted in the Indian market. In some it is
fixed at 5x, in some it is fixed at
8x, in some it is only 3.7x.
But in the Forex market, you can take it from 10x to
even 1000x. That is,
it is possible for goods worth ₹000 to ₹000 to vanish, but it will
come back immediately, so such a situation will arise.
Okay, so it is possible in Bitcoin.
Then it is almost similar in crypto too.
We get leverage in that too.
We can take leverage up to 125 and trade in crypto
and what is the second option,
simple spot which is called spot, in spot
we buy and hold, so these were four
types of markets and these were its four
segments, I hope you have understood it
well, I have explained it very raw and there is nothing too complicated in it, I am
trying to explain it to you simply
so that you can make notes of it and make efforts on your own.
