Sculping finally clicked for me when I
 
stopped forcing the trades and I started
waiting for a one simple candle. But
that candle actually tells me when to
exactly trade a market and when I need
to stay out of it. So in today's video,
I'm breaking down my easy scalping
strategy for the London and New York
sessions. And my goal here is to help
you to take better trades and move one
step closer to becoming a profitable
forex trader. So before I even think
about taking a trade, of course, I have
to wait for the New York market to open.
And the reason for that is very simple.
If I'm day trading forex, I want to be
active during the real day trading
hours, which means this is when the
volatility and the whole market
literally wakes up. Now, of course, the
price can still move out of that window.
But for this coping strategy
specifically, I have found that the New
York trading hours works the best
because it actually gives the most
cleanest trading opportunities to work
with. So this is probably the most
important step in this scalping strategy
and this is what I do before I look for
any potential trading setups because
well I need to understand where the
overall market direction is heading and
to do that I like to keep things very
very simple and I will be using 20 and
50 exponential moving averages and I
have been using the same moving averages
since I started trading. I honestly
never really abandoned them because well
I do like them so why should I get rid
of them and I do like them because well
they do not clutter my charts. I do see
the price action itself very clear and
of course on top of that they also help
me to quickly see whether I should be
trading longs or shorts especially when
I want to sculp the market. So when it
comes to analyzing the trend of course
you want to start from the higher time
frames. So I highly would suggest to
take a quick look maybe on the weekly.
As you can see in this particular
example the 20 is above the 50 which is
good sign we are in a bullish market. If
we even go down to the daily time frame
as you can see we are seeing that
bullish momentum building up higher
highs and higher lows being formed. The
20 is above the 50 which is also a good
sign. And then maybe you want to go down
to quickly glance at the 4our. the same
scenario going on here and then of
course scalping day trading you know one
hourly time frame could be also a great
zone and great chart to check. So even
on here we have a strong bullish
momentum going on. And of course if you
really want to succeed using this
scalping strategy ideally you want to
have that multiple time frame alignment
into the same direction because well all
you do is you stack that confluence that
favor into your pocket and what that
leads to is a high probability setups
that brings a good results. Now when it
comes to these two moving averages I'm
really not using them to kind of tell me
when to enter the market. They are here
for just to tell me which side of the
market direction I should be trading in.
So once the New York session opens and I
know what the overall market direction
is actually doing, I switch to the
15-minut time frame. This would be my
main focus at the moment because I'm not
trying to jump into any trades yet. All
I'm doing here is I'm actually watching
how the price is reacting to that
session opening. So, what I'm actually
looking for is for a clear impulsive
candle or some traders like to call it a
manipulation candle, but honestly, I
don't really care about the labels
because all I'm looking for is for a
large candlestick that actually pushes
the price strongly against where the
overall market trend is going. Now, for
actually to candle, the candlestick
itself needs to be at least 20% larger
than what a normal 15-minute candle
would look like. Now since this is a
serious thing that we have to measure
and we cannot you know kind of guess it
how much it moved. We have to use the
ATR tool and the reason we need to use
the ATR tool is because it keeps
everything objective. And imagine this
that if every single one of you
including myself we have to eyeball it
how much that candlestick moved. We
would get absolutely different results
every single time. So in this case we
really don't want to risk it for a
biscuit because we want to get that
sniper entry and we have to do things
properly. So now if we can shift our
focus to this particular candlestick
with a huge upper wick, I'm going to
explain to you how to use the ATR
correctly. Now I have the ATR tool at
the bottom of my chart and as you can
see the average 15minute candle moves
around 8 pips. And of course on top of
that that we have the overall bullish
market direction. This particular
candlestick also moved against our
direction which is what we want to see.
So, as I said, the average 15-minute
candlestick moves around eight pips, but
this particular candlestick actually
moved around 33. So, even though this
candlestick close as it is, but yet we
still have to count in the wig because
well, this type of volatility is not
normal based on what the average ATR is
telling us. So, when it comes to this
scalping strategy, I just have to make
sure that that impulsive candlestick
forms during the New York hours, then I
will consider taking the trade. But of
course, if that candle forms maybe later
in my trading session, then of course
that's usually when I will skip trading
altogether. So when I see this type of
candlestick, it already gives me a lot
of information because it shows me where
the momentum is coming from and which
side of the market is actually in the
control right now. So while that
impulsive candle is still forming, the
next thing you have to do is you have to
wait for that 15minute candle to fully
close. And this actually matters more
than people realize it because well
personally I don't like to enter my
trades without any confirmation. And
let's say for example you enter the
trade while the candle is still forming.
You have no proper confirmation and all
of a sudden the market just shifted so
heavily that it hit your stop loss. So
why would you do that? Why would you
risk it without having proper
confirmation and then your account is in
a minus while you know you could have
waited have a proper confirmation and
your trade had a good profit. So guys,
don't make the stupid mistakes because
the market will come back and bite you
in your ass. So once we have the
15-minute candlestick to closure, this
is when you have to drop down to either
5 minute or 1 minute time frame and look
for a potential entry. Now both of these
time frames work, but they slightly do
different things. So for example, on the
five minute time frame, you could have a
better confirmation, but your entry is
usually a bit worse. and the 1 minute
gives you a cleaner entry, but your
confirmation isn't as strong as on the
5minut time frame. Now, I know it's
easier to say than actually do it, but I
honestly don't really stress about it
too much because I just simply use
whichever one makes more sense when it
comes for that specific scalping
session. Now, when I'm on a lower time
frame, I'm not looking for a bunch of
different signals or anything
complicated. All I'm looking for is a
one simple thing, which is a bullish or
bearish engulfing candlestick closures.
And usually that candle formation is my
trigger and confirmation to enter the
trade. But of course, I always trade
with the higher time frame direction and
not against it. Now, if I don't get that
engulfing candlestick though, I just
simply don't force any trade at all. I
just wait for the next scalping
opportunity to kind of form. So now, if
we quickly circle back when I said about
the 5 minute and 1 minute time frame
entry, I just want to show you an
example. So this is Euro USD on the 5m
minute time frame. Of course, keep in
mind that we have the overall market
direction as a bullish one, which means
we have to wait for a bullish engulfing
candles to closure, which we don't have
yet. So, of course, if we wait a little
bit, we actually get one. And this is
where we can enter our trade right now.
When it comes to the risk management for
the scalping strategy, you can place it
beyond the structure that would
invalidate your entry. So, this would be
around this level, just below the
bullish engulfing candlestick. And of
course if you are buying you can aim for
the previous swing high points. So this
is how we would potentially enter on the
5minut time frame. Right? But if we go
to the one minute time frame as you can
see we had a bullish engulfing
candlestick closure way earlier than we
get one on the 5m minute time frame
which would already increase our risk to
our ratio and we would also get that
sniper entry we want. And now once again
you can place the stops beyond that
structure that would invalidate the
entry. This would be below the bullish
engulfing. And then for your profit
target as I said if you are in a bullish
market then you should aim for the
previous swing high. So this level could
be over here. This one right here. I
mean if you're extra greedy then you can
go up to here or even up to here. But of
course if you want to play extra safe
and take your money as soon as possible
this would be a kind of decent target to
aim for. So the reason I showed you this
example is because as I said on the 5m
minute time frame you kind of have to
wait for that bullish or bearish
engulfing candles to closure to have
your entry. But if you're on a one
minute time frame then of course you can
get that sniper entry and you would be
already in a profit while you know you
could have entered on that five minute
time frame and you will still have to
wait for the price to fully move into
your direction. But at the end of the
day, make sure that you get a full
confirmation and that full closure
because I mean in any of these cases as
you can see the trade performs still
very good. So to put it simply when it
comes to the risk management you have to
keep it fixed and simple because well
the real edge in the strategy isn't
about where I place my stop or you know
my target. It's all about you know
timing and getting that confirmation
right. Now guys, there are a couple of
rules that I follow with the scalping
strategy and they are just as important
as the trade entry itself. So one thing
I need to be really clear about is that
I don't trade any reversals using this
scalping strategy because I always want
them to be very very risky. So for
example, right here we have this bullish
candlestick closing. Some traders may
enter on that closure and of course
sometimes it would work like that you
know nine pips in a profit. Why not? but
they are super inconsistent and you
would get inconsistent results, probably
more losses than you would potentially
win. And it's really easy to kind of get
caught on the wrong side of the market.
So that's why I just simply stick to the
pullback trades like I showed you
earlier on where I have the overall
market direction into my favor and I'm
moving with the market and not against
it. And especially when you're trading
with a market trend, you're also trading
alongside the institutional market flow,
which also helps you to kind of increase
the success rate for your trades. And
look, nothing in trading is guaranteed,
but trying to predict reversals usually
just makes everything worse and the
market will come back you to bite in the
ass. So make sure guys that when you day
trading or scalping the market, you are
trading with a trend and not against it
because it will save you a lot of money
and a lot of headaches. So I really hope
that you enjoyed the scalping strategy.
If you're going to try that out, let me
know in the comment section down below.
If you have any questions, write that
down as well. If you want to become a
member of my VIP trading group, you will
find the first link in my description
box down below. And as always, guys,
thank you very much for watching and I
will catch you in the next one. Bye.
