Hi there everyone how are you so 830
 
strategy which is such a strategy where
when I made it last time, I had given
you accuracy of up to 80% of returns
now this is an updated version of the same,
we made that video 2 years ago, not 2 years ago but 1
year ago and it was
for absolute beginners who have
no idea so first we will cover a few aspects of what
it exactly was and
after that what further improvements have we made in it
and you
can actually generate very good returns by using it now one
thing has to be kept in mind that risk management has to be
followed properly but what is
this strategy and how can you master it well, let's
understand the whole topic, let's not
waste much, let's
go straight to the video let's
[music]
go now for this you simply have to open your broker
's chart, be it Nifty,
Bank Nifty, any stock, any dozen matter but it should be
liquid, liquid means it should
move well, the price should not be such
that  There's no liquidity, and the price is
opening and closing like this,
and thin candles are forming. Nothing works
there. So, for example, for a
Nifty chart, you need to go to the simple
indicators section and
type "EMA" here. Double-
click on it. If you click twice, it will be
added twice. Now, for one EA,
we'll go to the settings and change its color to
green. It will simply
click OK.
We'll also go to the inputs and set it to "8." Now,
after setting it to "8," we'll set the input to "30" for the second EA and
change its color to "red." Now, let me
explain the main meaning of the red and green colors. The previous strategy was
that if the market crossed over, a
crossover means when one EA
crosses over the other. If green is above
and red is below, it means a
buy-side trade has been planned. So,
here we are going to  After placing an entry, we
placed a stop-loss below it, and then
set a target of 1:2 or 1:3. If it
crossed in the red, we
placed a stop-loss above the swing high and a
target below it. For example, here, the
stop-loss was set. But now, imagine
if we had crossed at this particular location,
where the crossover occurred, if
we had
placed a stop-loss here, you can imagine how big the
reward would have been. It would have been around 1:3 or 1:4.
Whenever we hit the target, we get
big ones, otherwise a stop-loss would have been set.
Trading always proceeds like this: we have to
claim the target.
Now, let's come to its updated version. This is
its simple version: you
can plan your trade by placing a swing high.
In the updated version, in simple terms, we have to do this: the
first thing we have to do is look for the crossover. The
crossover tells us the direction, meaning
we should either take a buy-side trade
or do nothing. This is a very
important rule for this particular market.
If the EA of the strategy is on the green side,
it means we will either only buy or do nothing.
And if such EA has turned red, then
it means we will either only sell
or do nothing. Now that is the
thing about finding the direction,
we have to apply it on the same time frame
in which we are going to enter. For example,
here I have kept the time frame as 5
minutes. If you are using 5 minutes, then you have to
apply it in 5 minutes. As it is now,
what else are we going to use with this?
We are going to use dominance
candle and rejection candle. Just these two,
what is a dominance candle?
What is a rejection candle? Watch this video, it will become
clear well. I have
taught a lot about these short candles. Look here, a
dominance candle is formed. This is a rejection candle. A
dominance candle is a full candle.
It is a dominance candle. And the rejection candles which
look like hammers are called
rejection candles. I call it rejection candles.
Now, here the logic is this.  Once the market turns to the
buy side, we have
two ways to enter. The first option is
whenever we come back here. So, what happens is that
in this particular area, we have
confirmed the market direction that the market will now go to the buy side. So, now that it has gone to the
buy side,
that's fine. Here we are alerted, do
n't enter. We are alerted only after the
price comes down. 30 EA is to retest the red line.
And
in the retest, if we see a dominance candle,
remember, if a dominance candle or a strong
rejection candle is seen, then at that
particular time we can plan our entry.
Stop loss should be below that candle
or if two or four candles are formed, then the
lowest point means the stop loss should be kept very small, do
not increase it at all.
Our stop loss and target will be 1:3
and now we should not take 21 from that. 13 and
now let's look at the second method. The second method is that
if the price has gone up like this,
when both the EA are stretched like this,
you can see right here.  Yes, the EA has been
stretched. Now a
gap has formed between these two. After the gap has formed,
we need to look at the dominance candle
and only the dominance candle.
No rejection is required here. When a dominance candle forms, if
its high is crossed, then as soon as the high is crossed,
our entry and stop-
loss are made right below that candle.
We set a target of 1:1 and 1:2. It's better to aim
for 1:2 every time because it is
better. One is the retest
entry and the other is the continuation entry.
In the continuation entry, we are using only the dominance
candle.
As long as the price continues, we
try to catch that continuation move.
And in the retest, when the price
comes to retest, we have to plan our entry.
Look, if it looks like a
stop-loss has been hit here, then fine, let it go. If a stop-loss is hit, then a
stop-loss is hit,
and the next target is two, four,
or even five, then it's
good, no problem.  You always have to
claim higher rewards. Now keep this in
mind that whenever we
enter through continuation method, we have to
keep the target at 1:1, 1:2 and we get it quickly
and the accuracy increases. But
whenever we are going for retest method, then on
retest we always have to set M for 1:3 and
now it does not take 1:1, 1:2. This is
such a simple strategy and it works
beautifully. Now remember that you do
not have to put any internal extension here, you do not have to apply any logic.
If you get support resistance, then you
can apply it with that,
I am not suggesting to use that thing. This is a
simple strategy, it works on momentum.
Whenever the market becomes sideways, then
stop loss is applied on every strategy in the sideways market.
Sideways market is tackled in a different way
and trending market is
tackled in a different way.  This
was a simple strategy. I hope you liked it.
It's a very simple strategy, very simple
to use. Just keep in mind that you shouldn't
blindly depend on it.
I created it for education. Learn it,
practice it, backtest it, forward
test it, and make a splash. All the best. And
yes, I forgot to add one thing: if
we hit 5,000 likes in this video,
this target for you guys, then what will I do? I will
sit and trade live using this strategy for a month and
upload videos. I will use only this strategy
so that you guys can see exactly
how the person who created this strategy is using
it in the live market. How to approach the live market and
plan for it.
How to plan for risk. What will happen with what conditions are going on?
You will understand it better.
And you will also have a live trading
series. So if you get 5,000 likes, I will do it for
you. So get to work,
you don't have to
[music
] [music]
