This is my current trading strategy.
 
When I'm not overseeing my mansion
build, I trade this strategy and I'm
obsessed with it. I have 39 wins, only
eight losses live trading this on stream
in front of you every week. And in my
VIP room, I'm 15 and three this month.
I'm not promising or guaranteeing any
results. This is simply my favorite
trading strategy and I've been trading
for 16 years. And if you look at my DMs,
they are filled with community proof of
winning trades every single day. So,
it's time you lock in and let's play
some trades. Step one, the macro range.
Look, price trades in ranges 70 to 80%
of the time it consolidates. So, I set
up my support and I set up my resistance
on that fiveminut time frame creating
the macro range. Then I sell when price
is at the top of the range and I buy
when price is at the bottom of the
range. Look, let's even ask Chat GPT,
does the market range or trend more?
Look, roughly 70 to 80% of the time
we're ranging, consolidating, and only
20 to 30% we're trending. This is why
I'm a range trader. Price bounces
between this range more than it breaks
out from this range. So, if we're taking
shorts near the top and we're buying
near the bottom, we're going to give
ourselves higher probabilities of
winning trades in the long term. Don't
worry, I'll show you a bunch of live
trades later in the video. Now, let's
get into step two, the micro range. Now,
let's use a live trade that I actually
did on stream in front of thousands of
people. You can see I have my macro
range set up, right? I have my
resistance at the top. I have my support
at the bottom. And now we have to set up
our micro range. Let's zoom in a little
bit right here. To set up the micro
range, we want to be trading the
beginning of the London or New York
session. I'm going to show you the New
York session now. I'll show you how to
do this in the London session later. So
on the 5minut time frame here at 9:30,
we're just looking at the first three
candles. You can see one candle, two
candle, three candle. That now creates
the range high and the range low, which
I call the micro range, right? The macro
range is the big range. The micro range
is the small range. These are the first
three candles at the New York Stock
Exchange open and they help us with the
direction. So now we want to see the
price either break out the top or break
out the bottom and close. This is your
open range breakout. Okay. So you could
see right here we got that right. Price
broke out the top of the range and it
closed. So that's telling us we are now
bullish. We want to look for buy trades.
So if I go back to my drawing, let's say
price is bouncing between support and
resistance just like this. And then it's
9:30 right now. Okay. So at 9:30, we get
a couple candles like this and then it's
done. Okay. So we have our macro range
here and we get our micro range off of
these three candles right here. Okay. So
now we would be looking for the price to
continue up, break and close and then
come back into the micro range and enter
at the macro range, right? Because
there's more distance from here to here.
So that's telling us this is a good
level to buy from. Step three, the trade
entry. All right, let's use this exact
same example right here. There's
multiple reasons to take this trade.
First, we have our macro range set. So,
we want price to come back to that level
of support. Second, we broke out the top
of the micro range, right? Two reasons
for us to buy. Now, where are we going
to enter this trade? Well, we're going
to wait for a pullback. You could see
the pullback is happening. Now,
generally, you don't want to enter on
these big red candles. Okay, this is a
risky risky play that I did right here.
And you can see I did enter the trade at
that level. It did turn out to be a
sniper entry and the price did start
pushing up immediately and then it
continued to go up slowly but surely one
candle at a time, one fiveminute candle
at a time until it inevitably shot up
and smashed my takerit and went even
further than I expected. But why am I
taking this entry? Well, you could see
in this example, we had a fair value gap
on this candle right here. So, I felt
like that was a price that needed to be
filled, right? We also had a demand zone
off of this candle right here. So, we
had the FG and demand zone overlap. And
you can see all these wicks right here
was also telling us that this could be a
minor support level because it was a
minor resistance level in the past. As
for stop-loss and take profit, I just
put my stop loss below the bottom of the
micro range, our orb, and I had my
takerit at the level of the macro range,
the resistance.
Very simple. Now, before we get into
live trades, and I show you how to do
this in London session as well. If
you're looking for a place to trade, I
recommend the AAFX broker. This is the
best broker in the business right now.
The spreads are low, commissions are
low. There's MetaTrader on mobile. It's
the best platform and registration is
free. So, click the link in the
description right now and let's get back
into trades. Live trade example one. So,
let's walk through a live trade that I
recently placed. First step, setting up
my macro range. Right, we have the
resistance here at the top. We have the
support level right here at the bottom.
You can see price is trading within the
macro range. We want to what? Sell from
the top. We want to buy from the bottom,
giving us the best opportunity to win
trades. Now, we're going to zoom in and
we're going to get our micro range from
930 to 9:45.
And then the range is set. To get the
micro range properly, just come to
indicators, type opening range with
breakouts and targets. Click on this
right here. Then come into the settings,
set the time period, 15 minutes. Set the
custom range 9:30 to 9:45 UTC minus4.
I'll show you the London session later.
Then on the bottom right of your screen,
just have UTC minus4. And then we can
just play out the chart. Right? You
could see right here. Let's play this
out. The first three candles are done.
And we now have our micro range, right?
Top of the range right here. Bottom of
the range right here. And where are we
in our macro range? We're at the bottom.
We're at support. So, we want to see the
price break out the top and then come
back to that macro range somewhere where
we can enter a trade. Now, let's
continue to play this out. And you can
see we got our break, right? We now
closed above the candle close above.
that tells us that we want to buy. We're
at the bottom of the macro range, that
also tells us we want to buy. We also
use trend lines. If we draw this trend
line right here, you can see we also got
the break in the trend line. Another
reason to buy. So, now we got to figure
out where are we going to enter our
trade? Where are we going to get in?
Well, we had this huge candle right
there. So, that's creating a bit of a
demand zone off of this candle right
here, which is not a perfect demand
zone, but it is telling us that there
are a ton of buyers at this level.
That's why I'm drawing this demand zone.
So, I'm looking to enter my trading
position within the demand zone, within
the support of the macro range right
here. Just waiting for that price to
pull back. You could see this is exactly
what I'm waiting for to happen right
here. that price to pull back, tap into
my entry like that. That's what you call
a sniper entry and then I'm into the
trading position. I set my takerit at
this level of resistance right here. I
set my stop loss where below the range.
You could see I have the range right
there. The stop-loss is below that
range. So, there's some breathing room.
And then I smashed my takerit for a
huge, huge win. Now, I got two more
trades to show you. I want to show you
how this works on sell trades and then I
want to show you how you could use this
in the London session live trade example
two. First step, I'm setting up my macro
range. We have a level of resistance at
the top right here. We have a recent
level of support at the bottom right
here. What matters most? Recent price
action. Okay, you could see maybe you're
looking at this level right here. That's
fine as well. But the recent price
action is telling us this is the level.
Okay, that's the level we got multiple
reactions off recently. The recent price
action. Why? Because we're trading
recently. We're trading now. So, step
one is complete. We have the macro
range. Let's zoom in a little bit. Let's
get our micro range. Let's play this out
a little bit here. We have to get those
first three candles right there. The
first three candles gives us our micro
range. The range high, the range low.
And where is the range? The range is
right here at resistance. Right? There's
a bigger distance from the resistance to
the support. So, we want to be selling,
right? We want to sell from the top
here. We want to buy from the bottom
here. It's simple. Next, you see I have
a trend line. I set up the trend line.
One, two, three touches and a break
right there. Okay, we broke the trend
line. Next thing we want, we want to see
the price break through the bottom of
the range. So, let's play that out. Can
we get a break through the bottom of the
range? Yes, we get that break and close
right there. That tells us we want to
sell. We're at resistance. That tells us
we want to sell. We have the trend line
break. That tells us we want to sell. We
have so many reasons to place trades.
Now, where do we want to enter the
trade? Well, you could enter right here
at the top. You could enter at the
midline right here. That's also at the
trend line. That makes sense. And three
red candles down in a row. That creates
a supply. So, there's also a supply in
that area. So, I put my sell trade right
there. It's in the supply. It's at the
trend line. It's at the range midline.
So many reasons to enter a trade at that
position. So we wait. What happens? We
get the entry. It goes against us a
little bit and then it reacts to the
supply. It starts going down, pushing,
comes back a little, pushes, pushes,
pushes, and then we smash the takerit
right there perfectly. Now, why is that
my take profit? Well, recent price. Very
simple, right? recent price. That's why
I targeted that area. Price was there
recently. It could come back to that
level again. And then for my stop loss,
look, my stop loss, it's just above the
orb and above what? This recent candle
right there. So, it's protected by the
micro range. Now, for all my London
session traders, I'm going to show you
this in the London session. And if
you're not a London session, watch this
anyways. You got to master this live
trade three. It's time for the London
session. Big Ben. Let's go into the
indicator. First thing here, we're going
to set UTC to + one and we're going to
set the custom range to 9:00 a.m. to
9:15. That's going to give us the London
Stock Exchange open. Okay, that's the
London market open right there. That's
what we want. And then over here, we're
going to set UTC plus one as well. Okay,
now you can see I've already got my
range set. Look, top of the range right
here, bottom of the range right here.
Say, why are you not using this right
here? Because recent price action is
reacting off of this level more. Right,
that makes more sense. So, that's our
level. We also have a 200 period EMA.
Another reason to buy trading with the
trend. Let's go ahead and play this out
and get our micro range right. We're
getting our London session micro range.
And we just got it right there. Top of
the range here. bottom of the range
right here. So, what do we want? We want
to break out the top, right? Our micro
range is right down here with our macro
range. So, we want to trade to the top
right here. So, let's see if we could
get a break and close out the top. Let
me zoom in a little bit here and get a
little bit closer to the action for you.
And let's see. Can we get a close out
the top? Not yet. Look, we get a close
out the bottom. Okay, not a good sign,
but we reacted right here off of the
EMA. We've reacted off of the EMA here.
That's a good sign. I'm okay. I'm still
looking for buys. I still want to have
the close out the top. And then finally,
right here, we get the candles. Look,
they're closing out the top. We break
and close. Fantastic move. What does
that create? That creates a level of
demand as well for us to enter the
trade. So, we're just waiting for it to
come back. Let me draw that level of
demand. Boom. Right there we've got our
demand zone, the red candle before the
big push up. Look, price is coming to
our EMA right there as well. The bottom
of the range. We've got so many reasons
to take a buy here, right? We're at our
macro range. We had the break, the
retest. This is where we want to place
the trade for all my Big Ben Londoners.
Go ahead and push this trade up. Come
on. And where am I targeting? I'm
targeting recent price action right
there. It got there once. It can get
there again and smash my damn take
profit. And where's my stop loss? I got
to have it below the macro range. I had
it below the micro range and below the
demand zone right there for a solid
riskreward ratio. This strategy simply
works. I'm crushing with it in VIP. Join
my VIP right now. Smash the like button.
Subscribe to the channel. Join my free
trading room. Watch this video right
here. Definitely watch this video right
here and I'll be back next week. Much
love.
