I'm going to show you that this happens
 
every single day, every hour of the day.
Just understand this. You will not have
the ability to capture all of these.
That's how frequent this is. I don't
teach my traders something that happens
once a month or once a week or once a
day. Our approach is designed that when
you put everything I teach you together,
you should have the ability to be richer
every 8 minutes of your life. From a
short-term perspective, if you can have
more money every 8 minutes, you have
arrived at mastery. If you can get to
that place, every 8 minutes I have a
little bit more money, a little bit
more, I have some more. Oh, this one I
got a lot more like that. That's mastery
that you've arrived now. But I'm talking
about ultimate level of mastery. I have
more money every eight minutes of my
trading life. Now, I might not trade the
whole day. I might trade the first hour,
but I should have more money every 8
minutes. That is what I call the
ultimate level of mastery. I only teach
what happens all the time, like so
frequently that it's not a problem of
you having to needing to search or wait
very long. It's just qualifying the
right ones and doing it correctly.
Some people ask me, Oliver, what's the
accuracy rate? It's 82%.
That's the accuracy rate of the 180.
Now, what does this mean? This means
that really out of 10 trades
you will win 8.2 times out of 10. So
let's just call it eight times. So
you're going to have on average two
losses, two losses, eight wins. You can
get rich with that. There are times,
guys, when I see a play setting up like
this juicy bare 180, right? And it's
coming. The red bar is coming. Here's
the bottom of the green. The red bar is
coming. And I'm like, saliva, I have to
admit, begins to drip down the corners
of my mouth. My hands are on the
keyboard, right? And the saliva is
dripping. Now I'm sometimes, should I
wipe?
And often times I choose I'm not going
to wipe until boom
that $25,000
in there. Then I wipe.
You know what I'm saying? [laughter]
Don't miss the trade just because of a
little bit of saliva. That's the moral
of the story. I'm an equal opportunity
180 player. I take them all. The baby
ones, the fat ones, the skinny ones, the
little ones, the tall ones, the black
ones, the white ones, the red ones, the
green ones. I want them all. I want them
all. Uh, [laughter]
I take them all. You understand? I want
you dreaming
bullening bear 180s. And when it becomes
that second nature to you, that natural
to you, where you can take a look at a
chart and say, "There's the money right
there, and there's the money right
there." Whoa. I put a chart in front of
you and say, Oliver, that there's money.
That's $300 right there. Boom. That's
$425 right there.
Wow. And imagine 14 of these tactics
together. Now, it's not just there's
money right there and there's money
right there. No, there's there's money
right there. There's money right there.
There's money right there. There's money
When you got all 14, there's money all
over the place. Not just here and then
there. So, you need all 14 of these
things. But this is one of the most
powerful ones that I'm sharing with you
today. So like I told you guys, I was
going to share something with you that
whether you become a member of my
trading family or not, you can use this
that I'm not giving you something that
has just a tiny bit or no value. This is
hugely valuable. Please like this video.
Do it right now. And take another sip of
coffee. Like that. I want you to pound
that like key right now. Like [laughter]
this. Boom. Like it. Like it. Do it now.
And subscribe. This is a tactic that is
not just unique to the stock market.
Yes, I'm predominantly a stock market
trader. But whether you trade
cryptocurrencies, whether you trade
options, whether you trade futures,
whether you trade currencies, forex, it
doesn't matter. Markets all operate
predominantly the same way. They're a
bunch of buys and sells. The players
might be a little bit different. They
might be a different size, but for the
most part, psychology in every market is
the same. The cycles that operate in one
market are the same cycles that operate
in another market. And in addition to
this tactic being applicable across all
markets, traders, I want you to
understand that it's also applicable
across all time frames. So whether you
are an intraday day trader or whether
you are a swing trader or whether you
are a long-term investor, it does not
matter. This tactic will have some
relevance across all styles, all
markets, and all time frames. The most
powerful event, it is not the only event
I want you to understand. And while you
might not be able to make a living every
single day with just this one event, I
will tell you that it is amongst one of
the most powerful events that I've been
trading with over the past three decades
of my life. And I'm going to share it
with you today. This tactic is what I
call the 180. I call it the 180 because
it is designed around a concept of
turning the market around in a 180
degree direction. There are two types of
180s. There's the bull 180 or the
positive 180, the 180 that we buy. This
is the bull 180. And then there of
course is the bare 180. This is the
negative 180. This is the 180 that we
sell or we short with the idea profiting
on the downside. The bull 180 has great
odds means that your stock or whatever
you're looking at has great odds of
moving up from here. Your bare 180 is an
indication that your stock or whatever
moving down from here. The first
criteria of a bull 180 is that the stock
that you're looking at displays a fat
red bar. This red this bar here a fat
[snorts]
red bar. Now I call this an elephant
bar. We call these elephant bars. What's
a fat red elephant bar? It is a bar that
is relatively tall from top to bottom.
It can have its the bar is mostly the
color red. It can have some wicks at the
top or the bottom, but the vast majority
of the bar's range is red. There's a fat
chunky piece of red that makes up the
bar. It is not a bar like this. Let me
show you. This is not the bar we're
looking for. You see how this bar has
some red, but the bar's range from top
to bottom is not mostly red.
It is only a small portion of the bar's
range from high to low is red. This is
not what we're looking for. We're
looking for a truly solid bar that is
mostly
red. If it has some excess on the
outside of its red, that's fine, but not
much. That's what we're looking for.
We're looking for fat red, solid red.
Now, this fat red bar is immediately
wiped out by an even fatter,
longer green bar. Now, this is key,
traders.
This is the 180° turn. This is the 180
degree switch. This is the green
immediately
overpowering
the red by superseding the red's high.
This immediate turn is the key to the
bull 180's power. Now, I want you to
note that in my image, there is no
additional red after the first red. So
look, there's no additional red down
here. It's just the red stops and green
immediately begins the next bar and
green
wipes out the entire range of the red
bar. So in essence, green is wiping out
this portion of red, then wipes out
more. As it as the green climbs, it's
wiping out more of the red and more of
the red and more of the red and more of
the red. And when it wipes out all of
the red, boom, that is where I want you
to put money into the stock. We put
money into the stock when green
immediately wipes out a fat red bar.
This green bar does not have to finish.
You buy into this bar while this bar is
still alive, while this bar is still
moving. All you're doing is waiting for
the green to surpass the high of the red
bar by one penny. As soon as it does
that, boom, we want to put money into
the stock. Not 100% of these things are
going to work. So, just in case this one
doesn't work, we're going to place our
protection one penny under the green.
We're going to buy one penny above the
high of red. in the green bar. We're
going to place our protection
one penny below the low of the green
bar, which means that we're only going
to risk the one green bar. And if the
market eliminates
this green bar, boom, we're out one
penny under the low. We risk only the
size of one green bar. We do not risk
two green bars. We do not risk three
green bars. We only risk one green bar.
I need you to understand this. So, this
is the bull 180 in a nutshell. We're
waiting for our stock to demonstrate a
fat red bar. Criteria one. Criteria two,
there can't be additional red after the
fat red bar. No more red after the fat
red bar. Criteria three, a green bar
immediately wipes out all of the red
bar. Criteria four, boom, we buy into
the green bar one penny above the high
of the fat red bar. Boom. Criteria five,
we place a protective stop one penny
below the low of the green bar. We only
risk one bar. That is the bull 180. Now,
let's move on to show you very quickly
the bare 180. The bare 180 is just the
opposite. The first bar that you have
with the bear 180 is a fat green bar.
Now, fat green bars tend to lead to more
green. But when they don't, traders,
when fat green produces no more green,
no more green is produced. And
a fat red bar, an even fatter red bar,
wipes out all of the green. Boom.
We put money into the fat red bar one
penny under the low of the green bar.
Just in case it doesn't work, we place a
protective
stop
one penny above the high of the fat red
bar. So our risk is the size of the red
bar. So the bare 180 is just the
opposite. A fat green bar. Criteria one,
no additional green after the fat green
bar. Criteria two. Criteria three, a fat
red bar wipes out all of the green.
Criteria [clears throat] four, we enter,
we put money into the stock one penny
below the low of the green bar. The red
bar does not have to stop trading. We
enter the red bar when the red bar is
still moving, still alive. Next
criteria, we place a protective stop one
penny above the high of the red bar. And
so yes, for those of you who are not
aware of this, we can profit from the
market on both sides, right? We can
benefit traders from the market moving
up and we can also benefit when the
market moves down. And to be very honest
with you traders, I enjoy playing the
market down more than up. Why? Because
down markets produce moves harder and
faster, which means that down markets
produce often times big money, and big
money faster than up markets produce big
money. So up markets produce big money,
too, but not as fast. Down markets
produce big money faster. I play the
market both. I play what the market
gives me. If the market gives me a bull
180, I'd play long. Boom. If the market
gives me a bare 180, I really play that
one. So, we as traders, we're not afraid
of up markets or down markets. In fact,
we pray for down markets. Now that you
understand the tactic, what exactly do
we need to turn this into money for
ourselves? Let's talk about that next.
What else do we need? So, we need the
$50 to $100,000 account. We need a few
other things. So, after the $50 to
$100,000 account, we have I give you
that. We need a candlestick chart. We'll
look at that. We need a 20 period moving
average of the candlestick chart. We'll
need a 200 period moving average of the
candlestick chart. And we need my space
concept. All of which I'm going to
explain to you. Let's take a look at
this chart. We're looking at a fiveinut
chart here. I'm going to teach you a
from this chart a few things. Number
one, every bar represents five minutes
of trading. So we can see that the first
bar, this dash line represents the
beginning of the day. So the first bar
of the day, the first five minute bar of
the day, this is 5 minutes, this is 10
minutes, 15, 20, 25, and all throughout
the day. I want you to take a look at
this 5-minute chart. Notice that we have
a 20 period moving average here. That's
the blue line. The green line is
actually an 8 period moving average,
guys, just in case you're curious about
that. We use the 8, too. But we're not
going to talk about the eight today so
much. But just to give you a quick
glance, we ride profits out with the
eight a lot of times. So, we just track
that eight and ride the move out. And as
long as the stock does not break that
eight, boom, we stay with it. Okay, but
that's how we use the eight. But that's
a different topic. Okay, that's a
different part of the training. Today,
we're talking specifically about the
bull and bear 180. And we're going to
bring in the 20 per moving average and
the 200. Now, I want you to notice that
the first two bars of the morning
produce the very bull 180 I'm teaching
you to take advantage of. A fat red bar
is bar number one. Now, in most cases, a
fat red bar does produce more red. Now,
this could have produced more red, but
in this case, it didn't. It produced not
a single ounce of additional red after
the fat red bar. And immediately, an
even fatter, more powerful green bar,
boom, broke above the high of the red
bar. And this boom is where I want
traders putting their money into the
play. Now, if you have $50,000 of my
capital, I always suggest that you take
half of it. So, you take $25,000
and you put it into the initial play
right there. Boom. You're going to risk
half of the account on the play. So,
you're going to put $25,000 into the
stock right there. Boom. You're going to
protect yourself one penny under the
low. So, this becomes your stopout
point. And as you can see, over a 5, 10,
15 minute period, we have a nice move to
the upside. I want you to just be able
to identify the bull 180. Now, there's
something I need to also bring your
awareness to. I want you to notice where
the bull 180 is happening in
relationship to the 20 period moving
average. Notice that the bull 180 is
actually on the 20 period moving
average. So there are very unique events
that happen at the 20 or on it. It
doesn't have to be on it, but as long as
it's near it and it becomes meaningful.
Look at your baby bull 180 here. So,
there are regular bull 180s. And then
there's the baby bull 180s, too, which I
like. They're not as powerful as the
papa, the mama and papa bull 180s, but
the baby bull 180s can get their mojo on
as well.
Now, notice where both bull 180s occur
near that 20 period moving average. Do
you see it? Near or on it? Look, near or
on it. Now, remember how you play this.
In both cases, you're going to buy this
bar. This green bar doesn't have to
finish trading. That might be 3 minutes
into the five-minute bar. That might be
four minutes into the five-minute bar
and there's another one minute left. It
doesn't matter. You don't wait for the
green to finish. You just buy the green
bar. You put $25,000 into the green bar.
As soon as it crosses the high of the
red bar, boom. And you make sure that if
this doesn't work, you're out one penny
under that green bar. We're going to
risk this for the possibility of this
and maybe even this. All right.
Remember, even on the baby ones. Boom.
Now, what I like about the baby ones is
that your risk is even smaller. Look at
what you're risking. Your stop is under
the little baby fat green bar. And look
at the potential gain that you made
compared to the potential loss. Now,
look at the loss. I'm going to I'm going
to accentuate this for you. Look at your
risk and look at that gain that that
occurred. Now all of them will be like
this but wow.
Now my question to you is how many of
these
fit inside of here? You can lose three,
four, five times and win once and make a
tremendous amount of money. It's all
about keeping your risk small in
comparison to your potential gain. Now,
remember how I told you we use the 8
period moving average? We can ride this
gain out. Once it gets above that eight,
we're like, "Oh, wait a minute. Let's
see how far this 8 period moving average
takes me." And you're just waiting with
the eight. Riding with the eight, riding
with that eight, riding with that eight,
and you're still in the play making
money. What's my space concept? No
space. So here is no space from the 20.
No space from the 20. No space
near the 20. Near the 20. Okay, now
let's move on. I got to show you others.
Here is your 20 period moving average
again. 20 period moving average and the
200 period moving average. Now look
carefully. I want you to find the bear.
180. I'll give you a minute here. I'm
going to sip some coffee. You find the
bear. Start from here and just move
along and find the bear. Find that fat
green bar that's immediately
wiped out by a fat red bar. Do you see
it? Can you identify it? Have you got
this down enough right now? After only
about 40 minutes of talking to you, can
you look at this chart and boom, find
the money? That's what I'm looking for.
I'm looking for traders who can look at
a chart and find the money. Oliver, I
found the money. I'm looking for traders
who can find the money. Find the money
in a few few seconds.
Find the money, traders. There it is.
Boom. There's the money. Now notice that
the bare 180 is happening near the 20.
It's not touching. It doesn't have to
touch, but it's near it. And that's
beautiful. When this bull or bare 180
happens near the 20 period moving
average, wow, it's usually powerful.
Now, I told you how a lot of times the
traders ride out the play. And remember
I told you we ride out the play with the
eight, but sometimes we ride out the
play with the 20. So boom, remember how
you play the bear? You enter one penny
under the green. Boom. How much do you
put into that bar right there? $25,000.
We don't play little. Some traders guys
come to me and say, "But but Oliver,
Oliver, um, can I put 5,000? Can I put
5,000 in? Can I put th No, we're we're
not babies. We're not here to play like
babies. I want aggressive traders. We're
gonna put boom $25,000 into this bad
boy. I want to make money. I'm not
talking about making change, guys. I
don't want to make change. I want to
make money. All right? It's my capital.
I'm risking the capital. I'm putting it
in your hands. Let's just play bold. All
right. Sometimes I'm going to have you
put all of it in just not on the bull
and bear 180. Why would I not have you
put all of it into this play? Think
about this guys. Why Why is that
probably not a good idea with this
tactic there? I have tactics that you
put all of it in. This one we're going
to put half in. Why? I know some of you
know this. That's right. Because the bar
is big. Like guys, when we lose, go
back. Let's go back to the chart, right?
When we lose with this, if we lose,
we're gonna lose the size of that red
bar. [sighs]
[clears throat]
All right, we got to suck it up. It's
going to happen sometimes. So, we don't
want to risk the whole, but on a little
bar play, maybe we risk the whole
amount. You understand? That's very
different. But if a big bar play, we're
going to risk half. on a little bar
play. We can potentially risk it all.
Why not? The risk is small, guys. I am
not a timid trader. I've never been a
timid trader. I've been around timid
traders. They never get to a place of
really ever making big money because
starting the game as a timid trader gets
in your DNA almost and it's something
hard to break out of. I've been around
and have actually worked with timid
traders that are good, but they never
make the big money because of their
timid. They're consistent, but they
can't take it to the So, I don't even
start traders off trading timidly. We
play big. We play sizable.
And what makes this easier for a lot of
my traders to do is that it's not their
capital. It's different when you're
utilizing your capital and you need this
money to pay the rent next month or this
is the savings for your kid going to
college in the next two years. You can't
afford to lose that. All right. When we
get rid of all of those concerns or my
god, Oliver, my wife doesn't know that
I'm trading. If I lose this, she's going
to kill me. This is our life savings.
No, no, no, no, no. None of that
nonsense. All right. I put the money in.
All right. I put the money in and we're
going to risk my capital. So now you can
not trade the markets boldly without
being afraid. And if you lose it, as
long as you lose using my tactics and
approach, okay, I accept that. I accept
loss. I can accept loss. I'm a big boy.
Let's move on. Here's another chart.
This is Facebook, guys. It's old,
though. You know, Facebook is not $111
now. So, this is old, but we're going to
come to things that are recent. I'm just
teaching you the concept. Now guys, I
want you. This is one day. We're looking
at a two-minute chart here. Now, see 2
minutes. Now, every bar represents two
minutes. 2 minutes, 4 minutes. This is
the beginning of the day. All right. On
this day, this is March 8th. Okay. Now,
I want you to go from the beginning of
the day and just you tell me, keep
going. When do you see a bull 180? Do
you see it? You see it coming? You see
it coming? Do you see it? Do you see it?
Boom.
I love that. There's your bull 180. Fat,
relatively fat red bar. See, this could
have been one. It's just the green
didn't make it. This could have been
one. The green didn't make it. All
right. But this one, the green did make
it. Boom. 25,000 in. Stop under the
green. This is your risk. This is your
potential gain. Now I want you to from
this bull 180 I want you to go keep
going and you tell me when you detect a
baby bull 180. Goo gaga the baby
gaka. Ohindas.
How cute. Where's the baby? Where's the
baby? Where's the a baby? Boom.
[laughter]
[gasps]
Guys, I'm sorry. I'm just uh I'm silly
like that.
Silly like that. Always. My kids say,
"Dad, you you stopped growing up when
you were 26." My mom says, "I stopped
growing up when I was 16."
It's true. Somewhere in there.
But remember, there's the fullsize ones,
right? And then there's the baby ones.
We can't ignore the baby ones. Now,
there's something I have to explain to
you with this. This chart is very
important because the the fulls size one
happens at one location, the baby
happens at another location, and both
these locations are critical for our
accuracy with this tactic. Let's go back
to these locations. Okay, now look, the
baby one happens where I told you was
great. Right at or on the 20 period
moving average. This is the 20. All
right. [snorts] Now, this is 2 minutes,
guys. So, in 2 4 6 8 10 minutes, this is
like $350
in 10 minutes. There are some people
listening to this that don't make $350
in a week. There are some people
in a month. And this is in 10 minutes.
This is like $250
or more. 2 4 68. A little bit longer.
But this is in the same hour. Play one,
play two. Crazy. this one at a new
location I want to teach you. It's away
from the 20. You see? So, you got this
one at or near the 20 and this one away
from the 20. Oh, I like them both. You
give me away from the 20. You see,
here's the thing, guys. Stocks can get
away from the 20. They can't stay away.
They can get away, but they can't stay
away. You see, they have to always snap
back to the 20. So, we get away. The
bull 180 tells me, okay, it's time to
snap back. We get near, it tells me it's
time to move away.
So, this is very beautiful to
understand. When you are away, the bull
180 says it's time to snap back to the
20. When you are near, the bull 180
tells you it's time to move away from
the 20. Wow. One location tells us it's
time to snap back. The other location
tells us it's time to move away. We put
these things together, guys. The regular
bull 180 and the baby bull 180. So two
and the two locations away from the 20
and near the 20. All you need are these
four things. The regular bull 180 and
the baby bull 180. And the two locations
away from the 20 and near the 20. Now
you know where to get in. Look at how
much you know already. Boom. You know
how much to put in 25K.
You know where to protect yourself.
Boom. Boom. 25K.
And if you are away,
try to at least get back to the 20
before you take profits. If you are
near, try to get away from the 20 before
you take profits. Did you hear that? If
you are away,
try to get back to the 20 before you
take profits. If you are near, try to
get away from the 20 before you take
profits. It's not rocket science
traders, it's trading. You know what's
interesting? I'll share this with you
guys. You know what's interesting is
that trading comes across as being this
truly complex
confusing thing and it's really not. If
you really think about it, trading is
basic and it's simple if not outright
primitive. Do you understand? Why am I
saying it's primitive? Because it only
has three things. Up, down, sideways.
That's it. It doesn't have the
capabilities of the human body. Like
right now about six billion processes
just went off in that few seconds.
That's crazy. That's complex. That is
sophisticated. That is not simple. The
market, there's green bars and red bars,
boys and girls. There's the 20 period
moving average and the 200 moving
average, boys and girls.
There's near the 20 and away from the
20, boys and girls. There's regular bull
and bear 180 and baby bullen bear 180.
There's by above the red bar, protect
under the green. I mean, come on. What
I'm explaining to you was complex,
really. It's freaking colors and lines.
It's up and down. It's near and far.
That's all trading is. Red bars and
green bars, 20 and 200, up and down,
above and below. I mean these are these
are kindergarten concepts
which is proof that anyone can do this.
So why is it that so many people don't
or can't they can't bring themselves to
get out when it doesn't work? That's
like 80% of the problem. There are other
parts of the problem like they see it
and can't do it. Like I see it but I'm
nervous and they can't do it. I can't
help you there. Like all I can do is
give you the money, but you have to do
it. I I don't do it for you. You have to
do it. And if you're afraid to do it, I
don't I don't know what to do. It's
already not your risk. So, I can't help
a person that's scared. I can't do I
don't know. I don't I'm not a
psychiatrist. I don't know how to do
that. But the main problem is when it
doesn't work, you got to end the game.
When it doesn't work, you got to fire
your stock. You're fired. Remember, your
responsibility is just to protect the
account, protect the money. The stock
has to move.
You don't move the stock. And so, a lot
of people come to me, Oliver, what you
know what? This seems so basic and
clear. Why is it that so many people
fail? Cuz they don't stop the game when
they're supposed to stop the game.
That's really it. It's that simple. If
you can become a professional stopper,
if you can become a professional fire,
be like do Donald Trump when he was on
The Apprentice. You're fired. If you can
do that, you can make it in this
business. All All you need. Now, another
reason most people don't make it is cuz
they're playing with baby money. All
right? Baby bullion bear 180s are fine,
but baby money that you're not going to
make it. You can have all the skill in
the world with baby money and get
knocked around. You're just not going.
It's not going to happen. Not going to
happen. All right? You're going to be
bullied, outmaneuvered, dominated.
You're going to be crushed. So, you need
the proper amount of capital. So, a lot
of failures connected to just not having
the right amount of money. In fact, most
businesses throughout the world fail for
being under capitalized. Trading is no
different. They're going to a big
they're showing up to a gunfight with a
little tiny knife. And you think you're
going to win a gunfight with a little
tiny knife? Wait, let me let me pull out
my little knife here.
If you think you're going to win a
gunfight with your little tiny knife,
it's not going to happen. Right? So, a
lot of people fail because they got the
knife against the gun approach. But even
if they have the right amount of
capital, they fail because they don't
fire when they're supposed to fire. All
right, let's get back to the game. All
right, you can have too much traders.
You got to understand this. You can have
too much. Like you can give your child
too much love and that child becomes
spoiled, a brat, incapable of doing
anything independently or powerfully.
You can love someone too much that they
begin to take full advantage of you. You
can be too nice. You can be too mean.
You can be too smart. The people who are
too smart never are successful traders.
The brainiacs, they never they think too
much. There can be too much light or too
much darkness. There can be too much
anything.
Many people suffer from having too much
month after their money runs out.
I've got too many bills for the amount
of money that I make. You can have too
much money. Oh yes, that is possible as
well. Same way you can have too much of
a bull 180. too much, too big, too
gargantuan. First of all, look at where
your risk is. Now your risk is too big.
And look at the upside potential. See,
now you've got a backwards equation.
Your risk is bigger than the upside when
these bars are too gargantuan. Let's
understand that this is okay. See that
little bare 180 right there? That size
is okay, but this size is not. We bypass
those. That's very important to
understand. I'm going to show you that
this happens every single day, every
hour of the day. Just understand this.
You will not have the ability to capture
all of these. That's how frequent this
is. I don't teach my traders something
that happens once a month or once a week
or once a day. Our approach is designed
that when you put everything I teach you
together, you should have the ability to
be richer every 8 minutes of your life.
People often ask me, Oliver, what is
your definition of trading mastery? And
that's it. That's my answer from a
short-term perspective. If you can have
arrived at mastery. That's including the
losses. You might have a losing trade
and then another winning trade that's
three times the size of your losing
trade. Boom. If you can get to that
place every 8 minutes, I have a little
bit more money. A little bit more. I
have some more. Oh, this one I've got a
lot more. Like that. That's mastery.
That you've arrived. Now, you can make a
living before you arrive at mastery.
Because look, if you have more money
every week than you started, then if you
have more money on Friday than you had
on Monday, you can make your living that
way. Shoot, you can make your living. If
I have more money at the end of the
month than I have at the beginning of
the month, yeah, but I'm talking about
ultimate level of mastery. I have more
money every 8 minutes of my trading
life. Now, I might not trade the whole
day. I might trade the first hour, but I
should have more money every 8 minutes.
That is what I call the ultimate level
of mastery. I only teach what happens
all the time, like so frequently that
it's not a problem of you having to
needing to search or wait very long.
It's just qualifying the right ones and
doing it correctly. This is a fiveinut
chart. So every bar represents 5 minutes
of trading and it's all the way to the
end of the day. So this is one full day
of trading. What I want you to do is I
want you to start from here, the
beginning of the day, and keep going
until you see a bull 180. Boom.
Theoretically speaking, boom. You can
take that stop under the green bar. This
is okay.
not the greatest greatest just because
we got a little bit of distance from the
20. But for reasons I can't go into now
off the open that's not as important
later in the day being near is important
or being far is is important. So now
let's go. But you can see that from a
technical perspective boom there's your
move. Now this doesn't look big but
that's pretty big guys. That's a pretty
big move there. What I want you to do is
I want you to now walk this move down
and you tell me when you see a bull 180.
I'm sure you see it. Boom. Now look at
how far away from the 20 you are. Guys,
remember this. Stocks can get away from
the 20. See the 20? They can't stay
away. Stocks can get away at the bottom,
too. They can't stay away. So these
opportunities away are great
opportunities. These opportunities near
are also great opportunities to move
away. The move away are great
opportunities to play the snapback.
Moves away are great opportunities to
play the snapback. Moves near the 20 or
the 200 are opportunities. This is near
the 20 and the 200 to play the bare 180
here. I don't know if you can see that.
Boom. [snorts] You see? But this is the
one I want you to focus on right there.
At least back toward the 20. All right.
On the fiveminut time frame. I want you
to find the bare 180 here. Now this is
the beginning of the day. Now just track
it from the beginning. Move up. Move up.
Move up. Now there are other
opportunities. My traders know to play
here. My traders know to play this.
Boom. My traders know to play that.
These are other tactics, right? So my
traders would be coming in here. Boom.
Boom. Boom. All right. These are other
tactics. Elephant bar, tailbar,
tailbar. All right. But that's for
another day. We're focused on the bare
180 now. So now look at your 20. Look at
your 20. We get away from the 20 and
boom.
Bare 180. Boom. Stop. How much? 25.
25,000 in. Stop above the high. At least
get back to that 20.
Guys, [snorts] I tell you, I've been
making and hearing that noise for 33
years, and I never get tired of it.
Listen to it again.
I love it. Wait, you enter here. Protect
yourself. Now listen. [snorts]
You see? Don't you love that sound? I
love it.
I love that sound. Now, some of yours,
See, mine sounds like that,
right? Some of yours sounds like this.
All right, check this out.
That's it, Oliver. Why does mine not
sound like this? [snorts] Why does mine
sound like this?
We'll get you there. We'll get you
there. We'll get you there.
But that's better than this sounding
like this. Now, many of you, your sound
sounds like this.
Nothing. Nada.
We'll get you there, though. We need you
here. [snorts]
Bear 180 away. Now, guys, look. Look at
the 20 and look at your stock. Aren't
you away, but you can't stay away. You
can get away. Oh, yeah. Stocks can get
away. They just can't stay away. Stocks
can get away. Oh, yes. they just can't
stay away. So these far aways
locations are great opportunities to
make ourselves richer. You see the 20 we
are away.
We are away.
We are away. You see we are away. You
see you can get you can get away. You
can't stay away. You can get away. You
can't stay away. You see you can get
away. can't stay away. All right, you
get the point. Now we are away
and boom. Now notice your tail here.
It's not above the tail. It's above the
red. Don't confuse that. Boom. 25,000
in. Protect yourself. And there's that
sound again. Traders, listen carefully.
I want this to be your future.
All right. This is not one of the
tactics I'm teaching you now, but
tailbar. Boom. [snorts]
Now, there is something I want to show
you here. I can't go into the details,
but you see this bull 180 here. This one
didn't work back up, but there's a
reason. There's a reason. can't go into
the details now, but there's a reason
this one is not to be taken, but I'll be
in the in the more detailed training
with you. There are some that you need
to bypass for certain reasons.
All right, but okay, let's let's go on
so that I don't want to keep you too
long. I just want to make sure I get
through the whole presentation here.
Now, I want you to start from the far
left hand side of the all the way to
this side. Now, I want you to find bare
180s and the bull 180s. You see this?
What I'm putting on the slide, the 80%
entry. There are some times when the bar
is a little extra long, not too long to
take, but extra long where I'm going to
tell my traders not to wait for the low
or the high to be broken. So, remember
where I was telling you that the bare
180, right, is this. You have this green
bar and then you have the red bar,
right? That boom breaks the low of the
green bar and you enter there, right?
But if this bar is a little extra big, I
want you not waiting for the low. I want
you waiting for the 80%
elimination point. So, let's go over
this for a second. Look once again. Here
is 10. Let's say this is 10%. Here's
50%.
Here's let's say 80%. Right? So, what
would red when would red hit that 80%,
10% down, 50% down? Boom. 80%. Boom. Put
your 25,000 in there right there and put
the stop above that red bar. So you
don't have to wait all the way down
here. What this does is it makes your
risk smaller than this. You see this
risk is bigger than this. Now the 80%
entry. Now let's go to this chart. Look
at the 80% entry. Look at the green.
Here's 10%. Here's 50%. Here's 80%.
Stop above the red. All right. Now look
at this green screen. Look at this
screen. All right. Here's 10%. Here's
half. Here's 80%.
BOOM.
All right. Now, let's look at this one.
Look,
look, look at this fat red bar. Here's
10%. Here's 50%. Here's 80%. Boom. Stop
under the green.
[snorts] Wait a minute. Look at this
one. You don't need 80% here. It's not
too super big. Boom. Stop under the
green.
This is a beautiful, beautiful style of
market play. Beautiful style. So, we've
got this happened late in the day uh on
Thursday, but here's an 80% bare 180.
Here's a 100% bull 180. Here's a 80%
bull 180.
Here's a 100% bull 180. [snorts] Here's
an 80% bare 180.
Wow. You can sit around, guys, and just
wait to bull bear 180 yourself to the
promised land.
You can pick the two-minute chart if you
want more frequent ones.
You can pick the five minute chart if
you want more certain ones to trade
intraday. It's powerful.
My most powerful tactic. It's powerful,
guys.
that really out of 10 trades, you will
win 8.2 times out of 10. So, let's just
call it eight times. So, you're going to
have on average two losses, two losses,
eight wins. You can get rich with that,
especially if your eight wins dwarf the
size of your two losses. This is an 80%
bull 180. [snorts]
I don't know if you caught this, but
look. This is a 100% bull 180. See the
fat bar? Fat red bar. And then green
takes out the high of the fat. Boom.
Stop under the green.
What would you say? Look at the size of
this bar. Now, what would you say this
is? Is this a 100% or is this an
80enter?
You tell me. All right, that's an 80%
bull 180. All right, we get back to that
20. You've got this, guys. You've got
this.
There's something I've got to explain
here. I want you to note the 20 period
moving average. 20 and the 200 period
moving average. Now I want you to note
how the 20 gets away, you see, from the
200 and then it comes near the 200. See?
Then the 20 gets away from the 200 and
then it moves back near. So just like
stocks can get away from the 20, the 20
can get away from its mama m.
The 20 is like m. So stocks can get away
from the 20 and the 20 can get away from
the 200. So when you got the 20 away
from the 200, you can take plays the
opposite way. When you're 20 is away
opposite way. When they're together,
you take it with the way. With the way
with the way. All right. But apart, you
counter. The counter move is the better
play. When you've got your 20 separate
like this from the 200, what gives you
your signal? Boom. Bare 180. I would be
all over that, guys. Let me just tell
you something. You show me this t this
occurring with this wide separation and
this low risk. Look at my risk. Enter
25,000.
Boom. Risk. This is my risk for that
potential all the way back. There are
times, guys, when I see a play setting
up like this juicy bare 180, right? And
it's coming. The red bar is coming.
Here's the bottom of the green. The red
bar is coming and I'm like, saliva, I
have to admit, begins to drip down the
corners of my mouth. My hands are on the
keyboard, right?
And the saliva is dripping. Now I'm
sometimes, should I wipe?
And often times it choose, I'm not going
You know what I'm saying? Don't miss the
trade just because of a little bit of
saliva. That's the moral of the story.
I love it. All right. Boom.
[snorts] All right. This is another
tactic uh for another day. Bottoming
tailbar tactic. That's another day. All
right. But I want to bring your
attention to this here. Here's it's
almost like freaking repeating the same
markets just repeat themselves over and
over again. Traders becomes repetitive,
but that's where consistency comes in.
Just I love that sound. [snorts]
Loving it. All right, let's go to the
next one. You're going to take this five
minute chart. Now look at your 20. Now
look at where the stock opens. The stock
opens here and goes down here. you say,
"Hm, this is far away from the 20.
There's some good good odds. I'm not
sure, but there's good odds that this
thing tries to snap back toward the 20."
So then you get a freaking red bar.
You're saying, "H, now nothing else has
happened yet. You don't see this yet,
guys. Look, look, take a look. You don't
see this yet. None of this has happened
yet." You're like, "This could keep
going down, but if it doesn't, oh my
god." You're saying this right now. The
better play is up, not down because
we're already down. You see, we're
already down. So, the best play is
actually up. See, the best play here is
down. See that baby bear 180? [snorts]
Because you're not down. But see, the
best play here is up because you're
already down. So, you're saying, "Whoa,
red bar, I don't know. It could go down,
but my god, let me get ready just in
case a green bar takes that out." And
And then all you do is hear that noise
again. That sound
beautiful, right? It's freaking
beautiful. This is all yesterday. Just
showing you stuff from yesterday.
You get it, guys.
It's not rocket science. Is it 100%. No.
Nothing's 100% in life. That's If it was
100%, we wouldn't need stops or
protection. We always need protection.
Remember, two out of 10. You should be
winning eight times out of every 10.
Look, you get away
and a bear. A bare 180. Boom.
Look at your bull 180 near the 20. It
can be above on it or like slightly
below it. But remember, boom, under the
green. Got to love it. Beautiful
bare and bull. Now, there are many other
opportunities on this chart that my
traders would be taking advantage of.
Uhoh. Is that a baby one? I'll take it.
I'll take it. Is that a baby one? I'll
take it.
I'm I I take I take all of them. I'm I'm
an I'm an equal opportunity
all. Uh
I take them all.
Now guys, here's the thing.
All right, that's even good. Cole Colia,
love you. I get this question
every week of my life. Oliver, if you're
so good at this stuff,
why are you teaching? Why are you
sharing? Why are you
selling courses? It's like, "Guys, look,
I don't sell courses. I don't do that. I
put traders in business. You got to
understand. I don't sell you a course
and take your money and at the end of
the course shake your hand, do a Hail
Mary, and say goodbye."
This is what I do. I look for traders to
give my capital to. I'm not interested
in just teaching you and sending you on
your way like you. You do nothing for me
by sending you off on your way. I teach
you so that I can put you in business
and then you go over there in that part
of the market. I will be over here.
Another trader will be over there. So
check this out. I'm playing the bull 180
in Microsoft right now. Boom. But what
about the bare 180 in Twitter? What
about the bull 180 in Starbucks that's
going on right now? What about the bear
180 in Facebook? What about the bull 180
in Apple? I can't be in Twitter,
Facebook. I can't be in all of those
places at the same time. But I told you
I want it all. I'm greedy like that, I
guess. So years ago, I realized that I'm
doing well, extraordinarily well, but I
could be doing better if I trained an
individual to go out into the market
with my money. And so now, let's say two
people, me and another trader, we split
the market in half. You got that half of
the market. I don't have to worry about
it. I've got this half of the market.
Now, would we make more? Absolutely. as
a team. Absolutely. But wait a minute.
What if I had four traders instead of
including me? Now [clears throat] we
split the market into four pieces. The
accuracy goes up and missing
opportunities
becomes less. And in this way, 1 + 1
equals 7. It's not regular math. This is
not about being a nice guy, even though
I am a nice guy. This is not being
generous, even though I am generous.
This is about money. I make no bones
about that. I don't spend time with you
out of the goodness of my heart, even
though I do have a good heart. I spend
time with you because I'm looking for
people who want this opportunity. I'm
looking for people who think they have
what it takes to get into this business
and do it professionally with the right
amount of capital. Let's make freaking
money together. Let's do it the right
way. Let's not do it the YouTube way.
Come on. You can't learn how to trade
off of YouTube. My videos help, but
that's not how you learn. You can't
learn how to do brain surgery off the
off YouTube. You can't learn how to play
golf off of YouTube. For any golfers out
there, you know that's the case. I'm
going to watch a few golf videos and now
win a championship. Doesn't work that
way. You can't win as a trader watching
YouTube videos. They can help, but it's
just a that's all preparatory work. You
need real proper training and real money
to do this. And so I'm looking for
businessminded individual that want a
change in their life or they want an
opportunity to get into this field
without having to put $25 to $50,000 in
their own brokerage account because
that's what it's going to take to even
start and try. So, I'm bringing
professional style Wall Street to Main
Street and I'm doing it with my own
capital. How many people in this
industry will tell you that now that
I've taught you what I know, will you
take my money? Will you take my family's
capital? Please don't risk yours. Take
my family's money. That's how much faith
I have in my tactics, my strategies, my
ability to train you, my ability to
teach you. Can I please,
please,
please? Thank you. All right. Do you
understand what I'm saying? That's what
I'm looking for.
I'm not looking for your
course money. Trust me, I'm looking for
businessminded entrepreneurs that want
to take this route, and this will be the
smallest cost route that you can
possibly take in this business. All
right, let's quickly move on. I'm almost
done here, guys. Wow, look at this one.
This is beautiful. Look at the bull and
the bear 180s. Do you see them? Start
off here.
What about here?
Wait a minute. You are now away.
That's amazing. Fat red bar.
Crazy. [snorts]
You got to love these things, guys. This
is just pure opportunity.
Bull 180
fat red bar. Boom. Right near the 20. My
[snorts] traders would also add there.
So my what my traders would do, they're
taught to put 25,000 in right here
and add the rest there or part of it.
You know which one this is. This is not
a 100% one because of the size of that
red. This is an 80% one.
Look at this one. Did you catch it?
Now, this is not too far above, but it
certainly stopped the move up and
brought it back. Right now, look at that
fat red bar. Boom.
Protection,
guys. Now, I'm bored.
You know this. This is just now
repetitive because what I would do now
having taught you this tactic is I'd
have you go out and start
practicing. Identify it. Identify it.
Identify it. Identify. Show me. Show me.
Show me. Show me the bulls. Show me the
80% ones. Show me the 100% ones. Show me
the ones far away. Show me the ones
near. Show me the bears. Show me the
bulls. I want 180s spilling out of your
ears. You understand? I want you wearing
t-shirts to say 180 hats. 180, you know?
I want you doodling 180s. I want 180s
just seeping from your pores.
I want you to see 180s in traffic. Huh?
Red car, black car, white car, black
car, side by side, bow 180. You
understand?
I want you dreaming
bullen bear 180s. And when it becomes
there. And there's the money right
$425 right there. Wow. And imagine 14 of
these tactics together. Now, it's not
just there's money right there and
there's money right there. No, there's
there's money right there. There's money
right there. When you got all 14,
there's money all over the place. Not
just here and then there. So, you need
all 14 of these things. But this is one
of the most powerful ones that I'm
sharing with you today. So, like I told
you guys, I was going to share something
with you that whether you become a
member of my trading family or not, you
can use this that I'm not giving you
something that has just a tiny bit or no
value. This is hugely valuable. That is
whether you're with me or not. And that
is something that I try to do every
single time I'm afforded the opportunity
to speak into a mic like this to address
you.
Um, I know your time is very valuable. I
appreciate you being here. Please like
this video. Do it right now. And take
another sip of coffee. Like that. I want
you to pound that like key right now.
Like this. Boom. Like it. Like it. Do it
now.
And subscribe.
There's a few more minutes. But guys,
I'm constantly
um trying to do my best to make sure
that every time I'm I'm given this gift
of being able to address you, that I
leave you better than you were.
I hope I've done that so far. I want to
leave you more knowledgeable. I want you
to be more elevated, more sophisticated.
I want your eyes different when you look
at a chart. Now, I want your confidence
level different. And so, every time I'm
given this ability, I try to pour
something into my presentations that
leave you that way. And I hope I've done
that so far. You guys know these things.
You should know these things.
It's second nature now. You know, these
should not be very difficult for you
right now. Now it's just repetition,
repetition, repetition, which is a which
is where your profits come
