Hi guys, welcome to another trend line
 
trading video. I am super excited about
today. So I'm going to be breaking down
an entire a toz master class of how to
trade trend lines. But before we get
into the charts, I want to introduce
myself and [music] set the tone for this
master class. My name is Tori and I have
been trading trend lines for 10 years
now. I learned [music] a trading
strategy from a family member and I have
been able to generate $500,000 in
trading profits. [music] One thing that
kind of sets me apart from the rest of
the industry is I showcase every single
trade that I place. [music] I post
broker statements. I do entire trade
breakdowns just so that you know
everything I'm doing is transparent and
authentic. I have a community of traders
that I've taught [music] this strategy
to who have been able to gain success in
the markets. I have thousands of
community members. My approach to the
markets are also fairly unconventional
because it is incredibly simple. I'm not
interested in complicating the process,
[music] trying to utilize indicators or
pull information from places that I do
not need. I need the bare bones to get
me into a trade and out of a trade. So,
what I focus on is a simple approach,
[music] clean charts, clear structure,
and that's where I've seen the most
success. Trendline trading is one of the
styles [music] that, if you can use it
properly, can give you a serious edge in
the markets. It's simple and effective
and easy to replicate [music] time and
time again. This master class is not
just a quick how-to. This is a full
breakdown from [music] A to Z. If you're
a beginner, you'll be able to pick up
trading after this video, or if you're
already experienced, you'll be able to
sharpen your edge. I have designed
[music] this to be something that you
can actually follow, learn, and apply.
Also, in this video, I'm going to walk
you through my exact strategies that I
use every day in the live markets.
Before we get into this, I want to set
the realistic expectations that you need
to have. One of the biggest reasons that
traders struggle is because they have
this unrealistic expectation that
they're going to get rich overnight.
they're going to make thousands after
watching one singular video. And that's
just simply [music] not the case. In
reality, trading is a skill that takes
time to master. You have to treat it
just like a profession. It takes
patience, commitment, consistency, even
when you don't see the results [music]
right away. I have been able to generate
consistency and half a million in
trading profits. But I didn't think it
was going to happen overnight. I gave
myself time. I treated this just like a
career. I put the years in to perfect
[music] it. I followed a process and I
simplified things. But I allowed myself
grace when I didn't see instant results.
So, no, this is not easy money, but it
is possible if done correctly. If you're
willing to commit to the process, stay
disciplined, and learn a strategy that
is built for longevity, you are in the
right place. This strategy that I'm
going to walk you through in this master
class is the exact strategy that I use
in the live markets. It's structured,
it's simple, and it works if you do.
Let's get into it. First, let's go over
the basics of trading and how you can
make money in the markets. But if you're
more experienced or already know this,
we have timestamps in the description
below to where you can skip to the
section that's more relevant to you.
Trading at its core is the process of
buying and selling assets. It's a simple
idea, but it requires skill and strategy
to do it consistently. Okay, I'm going
to give you some analogies to help you
understand it better. Think of trading
like buying something at a discount and
then later selling it for a higher
price. The classic buy low, sell high
concept. For example, imagine that you
buy a vintage comic book for $10 because
you believe the value of it's going to
go up. If you sell it later for $15,
you've made a $5 profit. That is
essentially trading. Doing that over and
over and over again. Trading works with
the same principle, but it's with assets
like stocks, futures, forex, and crypto.
So, the key here is understanding the
optimum time to buy and the optimum time
to sell. And that's when analysis and
strategy comes into play. Now, one
important thing to remember here is you
can make money when the markets go up or
go down. Most people think that you can
only profit when the price is rising,
but that's not true. In trading, you can
also profit from falling markets. Think
of it like selling high, buying low.
This is called short selling. So, this
is essentially you selling an asset
before you own it and then buying it
back. But we'll go over more of this
concept later in the video. So, whether
the price is going up or down, there's
always an opportunity to make profits
from the market as long as you know what
you're doing. That's the real benefit of
trading. So, in this master class,
you'll learn how to spot these
opportunities so that you can enter and
exit trades with confidence no matter
which way the market is moving. Before
we get into trend lines, it is important
to understand the super basics,
candlesticks. If you can appreciate a
little bit of history and you're fairly
a nerd when it comes to trading, you'll
appreciate the history of the
candlestick. Candlesticks were
originally developed in Japan by rice
traders to track price movement. But
today, we use the same method to track
different assets because it's so
effective. All right, let's get into
candlesticks. So, what I'm going to do
is draw two candlesticks here to show
you the basics of each one. So, here is
called the body of a candle. The
difference between the green candle and
the red candle is this right here is
where the price opens. So, at the
beginning of the day, the price started
right here. This is a green candle and
represents price pushing up higher
throughout the day. And then at the end
of the day, we've got the close, which
is going to be right here. This is the
closing price. So, we've got the open
price and the closing price. What makes
this one green is that the open price
was lower, then pushed higher throughout
the day, and ended here higher. So, this
is a green candle representing that
price pushed higher. Now, this right
here, same concept. This is a body. But
the difference between the green and the
red is that price started here. This is
the open. And now price pushed lower and
closed down here. So the difference
between the green and the red. Price
opened lower, pushed higher. Here price
opened higher, pushed lower. Now this is
all within a day. This is a day's worth
of price movement. Now let's go over the
wicks. These right here are called
wicks. Now what these mean is that price
pushed lower and higher outside of the
opening and closing price. So that means
when price opened and closed, it pushed
higher and lower outside of the body
before closing. So during this 1-day
period, price opened here, pushed lower
and higher and then closed. So this is
the movement outside of the open and
close. Now the same applies for the red
candle. This is also the wick and this
is the wick. Represents the same thing.
the movement of price throughout the
day. So now you know what a candlestick
is and what they represent when you see
them on a chart. Now let's talk about
the different markets that you can
trade. Each one has pros and cons and
what market you trade usually comes down
to personal preference. So let's break
down each one. First we're going to go
over the forex market. Forex is short
for foreign exchange and it is
essentially trading currencies against
each other. And what you're doing is
just anticipating the change of the
exchange rate. So essentially, if you
were anticipating that the price of the
euro is going to go up, you will buy.
And if you're anticipating that the
value of the US dollar would go down,
you would sell. And there are many
different combinations and currencies
that you can trade. And some of the most
popular are going to be USD and the euro
is going to be GBP
versus JPY. So the GBP is going to be
the great British pound and the JPY is
going to be the Japanese yen. So, there
are a lot of different currencies and
variations that you can trade. And you
can also trade these currencies 24 hours
out of the day, five days a week, Monday
through Friday. The next one we're going
to go over is crypto. Now, this one I
have the least experience in, but I'm
sure many of you guys have heard about
it. Some of the most popular assets that
you've probably heard of is going to be
Bitcoin
or Ethereum. Now, this is going to be
the same concept. You can either buy or
sell these anticipating that the price
of Bitcoin is going to go up, which I'm
sure many of y'all are thinking, or
maybe the price of Ethereum is going to
go down. Now, the difference between
Forex and crypto is crypto can be traded
24 hours out of the day, 7 days a week.
So, there is no limit to when you can
trade Bitcoin, which means you can also
trade crypto Saturdays and Sundays on
the weekends if you really wanted to.
Now, crypto is known for being super
volatile. That means that there is
opportunity but also a lot of risk if
you don't have a solid plan. Now the
next one that we're going to go over
which many of you guys know you know the
stock market. This is stuff like Amazon,
Apple, Netflix, Tesla, Home Depot, all
of the above, Nvidia, GameStop. Now with
stocks, same kind of scenario here. You
could anticipate that the price of Apple
is going to go up or the price of Tesla
is going to go down. So you would either
buy thinking the price is going to go up
or sell thinking the price is going to
go down. Same scenarios over here. Now
the stock market is open Monday through
Friday from 9:30 a.m. Eastern to 400
p.m. Eastern. Now there is one more
market to go over and this is my
favorite and my most traded market. Now
this is the futures market. Now this is
what I personally trade. Now the
different types of futures that you can
trade is going to be things like
commodities, agriculture, energies,
indices and that is things like gold
which I know you guys have heard of.
That'll be types of metals. You can
trade oil which are types of energies.
You can trade the S&P 500 which is an
index. So many different types of things
you can trade in the futures market and
things like corn which would be
agricultural. So, a lot of options here
with futures. Now, same concept here
with futures. If you were anticipating
that the value of gold is going to go
up, you would buy gold. If you're
anticipating that the price of oil is
going to fall, you would sell oil. If
you're anticipating that the price of
corn is going to go up, you would buy
corn. If you're anticipating that the
price of the indicy or index spy, S&P
500, or the NASDAQ, the Dow is going to
go up, you would buy. Now, how often can
you trade these instruments? So futures
can be traded six days out of the week,
23 hours a day, with the exception of
the market being closed on Saturday.
Now, the reason why I love futures so
much is it's got ideal trading hours. I
love the different instruments that you
can trade, but also they move fast. They
have a high volume and they offer great
leverage. And basically what that means
is just your dollar goes a long way.
Now, no matter what market you decide to
choose, my strategy is applicable to all
of them because it's purely based on
price action and market structure. And
that's valid no matter what asset or
market you decide to trade. Now, how do
we actually look at markets and analyze
the price to find opportunities? Most
traders use a platform called Trading
View, which is what we're going to go
over. And remember guys, if this is
stuff that you already know, feel free
to go to the description of this video.
We have timestamps in the description so
you can skip forward to a section that's
relevant to you. So, now let's get into
Trading View. This is going to be my
bread and butter. This is where every
trader lives. This is our home base. So
now this is where we can view the
movement or the price of an instrument
in any market. So right now you can tell
we're looking at Tesla. This is the
price movement of Tesla. You look to the
left on Trading View and these are going
to be your tools. These help you analyze
the price and mark up your charts. Over
here to the left will be your watch
list. This is where you can put all of
your favorite instruments, all of your
favorite assets like Tesla, Apple, gold,
silver. This is where your favorite
instruments will live. And then up top
here, you'll see these are time frames.
Before we go any deeper, I want to touch
on something that you'll see a lot
inside of Trading View, and that's going
to be the time frames. Now, remember, we
went over candlesticks here. Every
candlestick that you see on your chart
is based on a certain time frame. So, if
you were seeing the 1 hour chart, each
candle represents one hour of price
movement. And then if you go to the
daily time frame here, like we went over
in our earlier example, each candle
represents one entire day or 24 hours of
price movement. Remember, these are the
bodies, these are the wicks. This is all
of the price movement within a day. So
now, the smaller time frame that you go
in, the more noise in short-term price
movement that you can see. The higher
the time frame that you go in, you get
more of a bigger picture. The key is to
understanding each time frame and how it
affects the data that you're looking at
and using it to build a strategy that
fits you. Some traders like to trade on
lower time frames like the five minute,
the 1 hour, while other traders like to
trade on the higher time frames. I
personally like to trade on the 4hour
time frame and the daily time frame.
This is all going to be personal
preference and whatever is applicable to
your strategy. So this is trading view.
There are many other features within it,
but these are the main three that we
need to use. Now I'm going to show you
how to use Trading View to actually
analyze what direction the market is
going in. Now before I show you this
information on Trading View, I'm going
to draw it out for you. So when you
think of the different directions that
the market goes in, you think it's
either up or down. There is actually a
third direction that the market can go
in and that is sideways. So let's go
over what these look like. So the first
one that everyone knows is uptrend or
some people call this bullish and it
essentially just means up. So if you
look at an instrument or an asset from
left to right and the price has started
lower and ended up higher over time,
we've got an upward trend. This is a
bullish trend here. Now, within this
uptrend, you can see there are areas or
times where the price did go down, but
we're looking at this overall. Overall,
from left to right, the price has gone
up. So, this is an upward trend. Let's
go over the next popular direction that
most of you guys know, which is a
downtrend. Now, another name for this is
bearish, and essentially just means
we're moving down. Now, what this looks
like is the price would start higher and
over time ends lower. So the overall
direction looking from left to right. If
the price has started higher and ended
lower, we're looking at a downtrend
here. Now, same scenario. You can see
there were moments of up, but overall
over a period of time, we're down. The
price is down, price is bearish. Now,
let's go over the third direction, which
is called consolidation. This is a
direction that not many new traders
understand. This can also be called a
range and essentially just means
sideways movement here. So when we're
looking at price from left to right and
we haven't made any progress or any
direction, we are in consolidation.
There are many moments where the price
has gone down, the price has gone up,
the price has gone down, but overall we
have made no progress is still at the
same point here. This is consolidation.
Now let me show you some real examples
on the chart so you can see what these
actually look like. So we're using
Trading View here to identify the
overall trend of an instrument. This
right here is the Dow Jones. We're
looking at a monthly time frame. And
now, if we're looking at this from left
to right, the overall direction or
overall trend of this instrument is up
or bullish. Now, we're moving to another
instrument. Looking at this from left to
right, the price is overall down or
bearish. This is crude oil. We're on the
monthly time frame. And from left to
right, you can see the overall trend of
this is going down. Now, this is the
third instrument here. This is platinum.
This is the same time frame, the monthly
time frame. But now, if we look at the
price from left to right, starting here
to here, the price is overall in the
same area. We're moving sideways. This
is considered consolidation or a range.
In these next few sections, you're going
to start learning how to actually trade.
And I'm going to show you something that
I did to help make this a lot easier.
All right, let's get into the first real
building blocks of this master class, a
trend line. A trend line is a diagonal
line that you draw to connect points of
a trend. It helps you define the
structure and direction of a market. If
that sounds confusing, don't worry.
We're going to go over an example here
on the whiteboard. So, as you guys saw
in the previous examples, we were able
to identify upward trends and downward
trends within the market. Now, the trend
line is what connects these points in
each trend. Since this is an overall
upward trend, we're going to draw a
trend line to help connect these points
to help us identify the upward trend.
we're able to connect points within this
upward trend to help us identify the
direction that it's going or the
structure of this trend. So, this right
here is an upward trend line or a
bullish trend line. Now, let's go over a
downward trend line. Dude, wait till you
guys see how we start utilizing it. It's
going to blow your mind. So, now we've
gone over what a downward trend looks
like and how to identify it. But now
let's see how we can draw a trend line
to help us identify a downward trend. So
looking at this from left to right, we
want to connect as many points as we can
with our line to help us identify this
downward trend. You can see we've
captured
all of these points here within this
downward trend. Now, when we draw these
lines, they aren't just random. So when
you start to see price respect this same
diagonal line that we just drew over and
over again, that is your structure. Now
that I've shown you on the whiteboard
how to draw a trend line, let's see what
they look like with real-time market
data on Trading View. All right. Now,
let's replicate the same thing that we
did on the whiteboard on the markets
here. Okay. Here we are looking at the
Dow. We're still in that monthly time
frame, and this is an upward trend.
Looking at it from left to right, the
overall trend is upward. If we're going
to draw a line on the chart, a trend
line, we're going to go over to our
toolbox here on the left. Now, you would
think we would use the trend line tool.
It's ironic that we're not, but we're
actually going to use the ray tool to
help draw our trend lines. The very
first point of our trend line is going
to start here with the lowest point that
we see on the screen. The second point
of our trend line is going to be the
next lowest point we see on our screen.
We had just drawn our first upward trend
line. This has just helped us identify
the direction of this instrument. Now,
let's go over some downward trend lines.
Now, we have moved to crude oil on the
monthly time frame. We're going to go
back to this toolbox over here to the
left. It's going to be the opposite
concept for our downward lines. Our
first point is going to be the highest
point you see on the screen. Our next
point is going to be the next lowest
point you see on the screen. I'm going
to change the color of this to red so
that we can identify this is a downward
trend line. So, we have just drawn our
second trend line. This helps us
identify the downward direction of this
asset. As you can see, the price has
touched here, here, here, and here. Now,
the more time that you spend analyzing
these charts and drawing these lines,
the easier it will become to spot these
trend lines. Now, let's talk about
another concept in the markets, support
and resistance. So, before we get into
it on Trading View, let me draw it out
on the whiteboard here. Okay, now let's
go over support and resistance, SNR.
Now, I'm going to draw some price action
here and show you what support and
resistance is. So, now remember, we
talked about the direction called
consolidation. This is where support and
resistance really comes into play here.
So, we've gone over upward trends,
downward trends, upward trend lines, and
downward trend lines. How do we mark up
the consolidation that we went over?
This is where support and resistance
comes into play, S and R. So, now when
drawing our support and resistance,
we're going to do something very similar
like we did with our trend lines. We're
trying to capture as many points as we
can with the price movement. We're going
to start with support. Think of support
like a floor.
When the price got to the floor, it
turned around. When the price got to the
floor, it turned around. We're trying to
capture as many points from the floor as
possible. This is called support. Now,
resistance is going to be the opposite.
Think of resistance as though it's a
ceiling.
We're trying to capture as many touch
points as possible here. Price got to
the ceiling and then turned around.
Price got to the ceiling and then turned
around.
This is called resistance. Support the
floor. Resistance the ceiling. Price
moves in between. Now, we're just simply
trying to capture as many touch points
as possible. There will be moments where
price breaks out of it. But as long as
we can capture as many touch points, we
have drawn a correct resistance and
support. Okay. Now, let's go over some
real world examples on Trading View. So,
we've got platinum on the monthly time
frame. And now we're going to go over to
the toolbox here and instead of the ray
tool that we're used to, we're going to
use the horizontal line. Now let's start
by drawing our support, which means it
acts as a floor. So we're trying to
capture as many touch points as we can
where the price hit and then turned
around. Right here, you can see there
were many times where the price of
platinum hit this horizontal line, which
is our support, and then turned around,
hit, turned around, hit, turned around.
Same here, here, and here. Now, let's
draw our resistance. We're going to use
the same tool, the horizontal line. But
now, we're going to draw this as though
it is the ceiling. We're trying to
capture as many touch points as possible
where the price of platinum hit and
turned around. It hit here, turned
around, hit here, turned around. This is
support and resistance. Using this tool
helps us identify consolidation within
the markets. Now, this is the time to
get excited. This is where it gets
powerful. Trend lines and support and
resistance work even better when they're
aligned. Later in this master class, I'm
going to show you how to utilize these
tools together to help you identify
where the price is likely to go. Now
that we understand how the market moves
and where price reacts, let's go over
how to enter and exit trades. This means
understanding different order types.
There are two main order types that you
can use. There is a market order and a
limit order. So, we're going to go back
to the whiteboard so I can show you guys
some examples. Okay, first let's go over
market orders.
A market order. So, we're going to say
we're looking at the price. If we're
looking at the price from left to right,
this is always going to be where the
price is at right now. If we want to
place a market order, that means get me
into the market where the price is at
right now. So, if you place a market
order and the price of whatever
instrument you're trading is at $100,
when you place that order, it gets you
in at $100. So, a market order is going
to be the most simple order to
understand.
It means get me in immediately at the
current market price. Now, let's talk
about limit orders. We're going to go
over the same kind of price action.
Now, when you place a limit order,
instead of getting you in where the
price is at right now, you're actually
going to tell the market at what price
you want to get in. So, if the price is
currently trading at $100, but you want
to get in at $50, you place a limit
order. So, if the price is currently
trading at $100, when and if the price
gets down to 50 is when your order will
be placed, your limit order will be
triggered. And then the same concept
goes for if you would like to place your
trade at $150 limit. So when and if the
price gets to 150, that's when your
limit order will be triggered. So those
are the basics. Market orders are for
immediate entries and exits, and limit
orders are for planned entries and
exits. Understanding this gives you
control over how to get into the market
and how to manage your trades. Now, what
I'm about to show you next is how you
can maximize your profits and protect
your capital. Now that you know what
types of trades you can enter, it's just
as important to know how to exit those
trades. This is where take profit and
stop-loss comes into play. So, I'm going
to use the whiteboard again to help me
explain. Let's go over a take profit.
I'm going to draw a price action to help
us understand takerit. Let's say that
the price is at $100. We want to place a
market order just like we had went over
previously to buy. We are anticipating
that the price is going to go higher.
So, if we got in at market order, that
means get us in right now at $100. We
want to see the price go up. So, we're
going to place a take-profit order. So,
if the price gets to $150, I want to
take my profit and close my trade. And
that would look something like this.
When or if the price gets to $150,
you get to take your profits and your
trade is closed automatically when the
price gets to $150. So, the actual
definition of a takerit is a preset
level where you want to close your trade
and lock in gains. Now, let's go over a
stop-loss. Now, both of these are fairly
self-explanatory. The take profit allows
you to take your profit. A stop-loss
will stop your loss. Now, we're going to
use the same kind of market structure to
go over what a stop-loss means. So, same
scenario as the last one. You placed a
market order buy at $100. Get me in
right now. and you're hoping that the
price goes up or you're anticipating
that the price is going to go up. What
happens if it doesn't and you have to
take a loss? This is where the stop-loss
comes into play here. So, believe it or
not, most traders aren't always right.
So, there's going to be instances where
you get into a position and the trade
doesn't work out. So, how can we stop
our losses from being too high or manage
our risk? Let's say that we're willing
to lose $50 if the price doesn't work
out. That means if the price comes down
to $50, go ahead and stop my loss from
getting any bigger essentially. So you
just place a stop-loss order at $50. So
for example, it would look something
like this. If the price ended up coming
down against you, it stopped your loss
from getting any bigger and once it hit
the $50,
you took your loss here. So, if the
price came down against you and hit this
$50, this is where your trade gets
automatically closed, just like the
takerit. Now, let's bring it all
together. Let's say you get into a
position and you're ready for a loss or
a profit. How do we place both of these
orders? Now, let's see how we can place
a takerit and a stop-loss on the charts
here in Trading View. Okay, we are
looking at the stock Apple here. We're
in the monthly time frame. The price is
trading at $106 right now. Let's say the
same scenario. We're going to place our
market order to buy right here.
Now, if you hover your mouse over where
the price is at, you can see a takerit
and a stop-loss, TPSL.
To set your stop loss, you'll drag the
stop-loss down to $50. Let's say you're
willing to lose $50 if the trade doesn't
work out in your favor.
And let's say you want to make $50 if
the price goes up. So, you're going to
drag your takeprofit to $50.
If the price gets to 157, you'll take
your $50 profit. If the price goes
against you down to $55, you will take
your $50 loss and stop your loss from
getting any bigger. Take profit, stop
loss. Now, let's see how this trade
plays out. Now, here we go. We're up
$484.
The price just made it to our takerit
and automatically closed us out of our
trade. We were able to capitalize on
$50.89
here. So, this is a scenario that worked
in our favor. We got into our position,
placed our market buy order, the price
worked in our favor, continued to move
up, and closed us out automatically at
50 bucks. Let's go over a scenario where
it didn't work out. Now, we're looking
at Home Depot in the monthly time frame.
The current price is at $27.
Same scenario. Let's place a buy market
order. Get me in right now where the
price is trading at now. Now, we're
going to drag our stop loss to $50. And
we're going to drag our takerit to $50.
Let's see how this trade plays out.
There we go. Our trade has just been
closed. And this is a scenario where we
had to take our loss because the price
moved against us. And the first scenario
is where we made a profit of $50 because
the price moved in our favor. So, as you
can see, both take-profit and stop-
losses are essential to risk management.
They help you control your risk and keep
your trading consistent. Later in this
master class, I'll show you where I put
my stop losses and my targets based on
market structure and price action. Okay,
now let's talk about risk management.
This is one of the most important parts
about trading because no matter how good
your strategy is, losses are going to
happen. It's just part of the game. One
thing that I like to do is think of it
like this. Losses should be small enough
to consider fees or just think of them
like business expenses. You want to
manage your risk in a way that keeps you
in the game so that you can stay
profitable long term. That's what I'm
about to teach you. So, proper risk
management separates traders from those
who last to those who lose all their
money. Now, risk can vary depending on
what market you're trading. Different
instruments have different contract
sizes, shares, ticks, lots, and levels
of volatility. So, no matter what market
you're in, the same risk principles
apply. It is so important to know what
you're willing to risk when you get into
a trade. So, for example, if your
position is too big, it could wipe out
an entire small account. But if you're
trading properly with proper risk
management and proper position size, the
loss should feel like just a fee, and it
will allow you to live to trade another
day. It won't hurt your account much.
Every time you take a trade, your
stop-loss should tell you exactly how
much you're willing to risk. A common
rule that most traders use is risking no
more than 1 to 3% of your capital per
trade. Would you lose more than 1 to 3%
of your account? If the answer is yes,
then you need to reduce your risk. This
keeps your downside limited and gives
you room to grow. When you combine a
solid strategy with strong risk
management, you're not just guessing
anymore. You're trading with intention.
And everything I'm about to show you
next is built on this foundation. Let's
talk about strategy. Having a strategy
is one of the most important pieces of
this process. A strategy gives you clear
structure. It gives you entry criteria,
exit criteria, and helps you stay
emotionally regulated when you're in
your trades. One of the biggest mistakes
that I have seen in the entire trading
industry is people who strategy hop,
trying something new over and over and
over again without giving it its due
diligence, without trying to master the
strategy. But the truth is, consistency
comes from sticking to one thing long
enough to get good at it. You're not
going to believe this, but I have used
the same core strategy for the last 10
years. I built my process around a
simple approach that I fully trust. It's
clean, it's repeatable, and it helps me
find consistency in the markets. You
don't need to over complicate things.
Simplicity is what brings confidence.
When you actually understand what you're
doing and why you're doing it, you feel
like you're in control and you're not
just guessing. For me, that includes
trend lines. I'm a trend line trader. I
use them to find clean, high probability
setups based on price action and
structure. That's the foundation of how
I trade. And part of that structure
comes down to time frames. Some
strategies work better on higher time
frames, while others work better for
lower time frames. A lot of traders,
including myself, have different
strategies depending on what the market
is doing and different time frames that
they're looking at. That's normal. So,
when I talk about strategy, I talk about
having a complete plan. And this goes
from spotting the setup, managing risk,
knowing exactly when to get in and when
to get out. In the next section, I'm
going to walk you guys through one of
the exact strategies that I've used in
the markets to help me generate half a
million dollars in trading profits. Now,
this isn't theory. This is something
that I've used in real trades, real
market conditions for over 10 years.
It's simple, it's structured, and once
you understand it, you'll be able to use
it on any market in any time frame. If
you've been looking for something solid
that you can actually follow and build
on, this is it. Let's dive in. So, now
that you've seen how the three touch
point trend line break works, let's
break it down step by step. So, you've
been able to identify how do you trade a
three- touch point trend line break? But
now, we need to see how do we find them?
And that's by something called a
top-down analysis. So, let's get into
the charts and let me show you how it
works. So, the concept of a top- down
analysis is starting at a higher time
frame, the top of the time frame, and
then we continue to work our way down
time frames. We're in the monthly time
frame now. Same as all the other past
examples that we've gone over before.
We're in the monthly time frame. We're
going to draw our trend lines just like
we have in the past examples. We're
going to the toolbox over here. We're
going to select the ray tool. We're
going to draw a downward trend line.
We're looking for the highest point that
we see on the screen for a downward
trend line. We're going to try to
without having price intersect. Now,
this is a new concept. Before when we
drew our trend lines, we just tried to
capture as many touch points as
possible. When doing our top down
analysis, we want to make sure that we
also capture as many touch points as
possible, but without having price poke
through or intersect. So, the reason
that we don't want price to intersect is
because we want to be able to utilize
price action in real time. And this will
start to make more sense as we continue
this top down analysis. But we've drawn
our first downward trend line. Nothing
new. Let's continue to draw another
trend line, which will be our upward
trend line. Now, for our upward trend
line, we're looking for the lowest point
that we see on the screen here.
We're trying to do the same concept as
before. Capture as many touch points as
possible, but without having the price
intersect. So, at one point, this would
have been a great line. We've got touch
point, touch point, touch point. The
reason this line is not valid is because
price has already broken through. We
want to be able to utilize the price
where it's at right now. I'm going to
change the color of this trend line to
help us differentiate the bullish from
bearish trend lines, the upward from
downward trend lines. And another easy
way to remember this is when drawing
your trend lines doing this top down
analysis, think of the lines as though
they're holding the price up or holding
the price down. So if at any point price
is breaking through, it's incorrect. So
making sure that all touch points are
captured without breaking through the
lines. So a rule of thumb when coming in
with steeper trend lines, always utilize
the most recent touch point as your new
point A for the new trend line. Think of
it like your previous point B will be
your new point A.
So, we're going back to the ray tool
here.
Previous point B or most recent touch
point here will be our new point A. Same
concept, trying to capture as many touch
points as possible without having the
price intersect. So, this wouldn't work.
This wouldn't work. This is the only
area where we can draw our steeper
upward trend line. So, we have just done
our first section of the top down
analysis in our monthly time frame. Once
we've drawn as many trend lines as we
can on the monthly time frame and
there's no other lines we can draw, that
signifies that we can go from the
monthly down to the weekly. So, we're
going to continue this top down
analysis. And something to note is that
as you go down in time frame, we're
getting more precise. We're looking at
more information here. So, some of your
lines will be slightly off. So, we just
need to make some slight adjustments
here to make sure they're a little bit
more accurate. So, we've just gone from
the monthly time frame to the weekly
time frame. There are going to be many
instances where you go from one time
frame to the next and there's not going
to be much of a difference. There's not
going to be any additional lines that we
need to draw. So your indication to move
down a time frame is always if you
cannot draw any steeper trend lines,
then you'll continue down a time frame.
So there isn't any change between the
monthly and the weekly. So that just
signifies that we need to continue
working our way down. So we're in the
weekly time frame. Let's move down to
the daily time frame. And feel free to
utilize this plus or minus button to
help you zoom out or zoom in of the
price. So, as we moved from the weekly
time frame to the daily time frame, our
lines are a little bit off. We need to
make sure that we slightly adjust these
to make sure they're a little bit more
accurate. And we're just going to
continue moving down time frames. So, if
you're trading in the 5minut time frame
or the 1 hour time frame, you'll
continue this top down analysis. You'll
do monthly, weekly, daily, 4 hour, 1
hour. If you're a lower time frame
trader, you'll do monthly, weekly,
daily, 4 hour, 1 hour, 30 minute, 15
minute, 5 minute, so on and so forth. So
you'll just continue this process until
you reach the time frame that you're
trading in. So there's a steeper trend
line that I can draw on the daily time
frame. Previous point B or most recent
touch point is going to be our new point
A. Now for this line, we can't go very
far. This is as far as we can go without
having price intersect. But we need to
draw lines like these so that we can
continue to track price steeper and
steeper. All right, we're in the daily
time frame. Let's work our way down to
the 4hour time frame. Now this time
frame is where I personally stay. This
is the time frame that I trade in. So
when I do my top down analysis, I go
from monthly, weekly, daily, and then I
stop in the 4 hour. For anyone that's
trading lower time frames, they'll
continue this process and work their way
down to their designated time frame. I'm
going to slightly adjust my lines to
make them a little bit more accurate.
And then I can see some steeper trend
lines that I can draw in the 4hour time
frame. I'm going to use my most recent
touch point as my new point A. Try to
without having price intersect. So on
the 4hour time frame, this is as many
downward trend lines as I can draw. This
is as far as I can go. But we can draw
another upward trend line here. Go back
to our toolbar to the ray tool. Most
recent touch point is going to be your
new point A or your starting point for
the trend line. Try to capture as many
touch points as possible without having
price intersect. All right, there we go.
This is as far as we can go in the 4hour
time frame. So now I've just shown you
how to find a three touch point trend
line, but now we need to wait for the
break. Let's watch price and see if we
can get a break of this downward three
touch point trend line. Okay, we have
just been presented with a break of this
downward three touch point trend line.
We know that this signifies an entry.
Now, before we get into our trade here,
before we take our entry, I want to
introduce a new concept called the
safety line. This concept is the exact
reason why I've been able to stay
consistently profitable in the markets.
It helps me manage my risk, keep it low.
It helps me capitalize on profits, and
tells me exactly when to close my trade.
Now, let me show you how to draw this
safety line. So, the concept of a
steeper trend line is not new, but the
way that we utilize this is so we're
going to go to the toolbar over here to
the left. Previous point B or most
recent touch point is going to be point
A. making sure you come in, capture as
many touch points as possible without
having the price intersect. But now the
difference is this line is called our
safety line. This line will keep our
risk low. This will allow us to
capitalize on profits and tell us
exactly when to close this trade here.
So now that we have drawn our safety
line, we can enter our position here.
We're going to hit the buy button to
place our order. All right, we are now
in our trade. Let's see how this trade
plays out and see if it breaks our
safety line. As you can see here, this
price has moved aggressively in our
favor, but we still haven't had a break
of our safety line yet. All right, we
have just made it to real time price
action. This is where the price is
trading at right now. So, the price
hasn't broken our safety line yet. So,
you're able to see what this trade
management looks like, when to get into
your trade. Now, let's go over some
examples of when do we get out. So, we
know if price breaks our safety line,
that's our indication to close our
trade. So, if the price comes down and
breaks this safety line, this is our
indication right here to close this
trade. But let's go over a scenario if
it doesn't. if the price comes down and
actually respects our safety line,
creating another touch point and then
continues to move in our favor. So, this
is our indication to stay in that trade.
So, only until the price breaks our
safety line do we need to close this
position out. Now, let's go over another
example. We're looking at crude oil on
the 4hour time frame. Now, in this
scenario, I've already done my top down
analysis. As you can see here, I was
able to spot a 1 2 3 touch point trend
line. What we're missing is the break.
So, let's continue to wait and see if we
can get a break of this trend line.
Okay, we were just presented with a
break of this upward three touch point
trend line. Now remember, before we get
into this position, we need to draw
something called the safety line here.
Let's go back to the ray tool over here.
Same concept. We're drawing our steeper
trend lines. Most recent touch point or
previous point B is new point A. And
then we're going to try to capture as
having price intersect. Now that we've
drawn our safety line, it's time to
enter our position. Now, let's see how
this trade plays out and if it breaks
our safety line. All right, as you can
see here, we are in profit and price has
still not broken our safety line yet.
So, we continue to stay in this trade
until price does. All right, we have
finally been presented with a break of
our safety line. It's time to close our
trade and take our profits. Close
position here. So, you can see we
entered the price over here when we got
the break of our three touch point trend
line. We drew our safety line. We stayed
in the trade until we got yet another
break. Price broke our safety line,
which indicated an exit. So, we've got a
very clear entry and a very clear exit.
So, there you have it. We've just gone
over two examples of the three touch
point trend line break. Now, let's talk
about some other important factors that
you need to know about trading. Now that
you've seen how the three touch point
trend line break strategy works, it's
time to test it for yourself. That's
where back testing and forward testing
comes in. Back testing is essentially
going back in time, just like we did in
our second trade example, to see how the
strategy performs on past data. And it
allows you to see how many of your
setups would have worked out. When
you're learning a new strategy, back
testing is one of the most important
things that you can do. It gives you a
chance to see how often these setups
perform under different market
conditions. Remember earlier in this
video we analyzed trending markets,
bullish, bearish, and consolidation.
Back testing allows you to see how those
setups perform in those different market
conditions. It also helps you build
confidence and understand what clean
setups actually look like. Now, let's
talk about forward testing. Forward
testing is watching how your strategy
performs in real time, similar to the
first example that we went over. And
this is usually done on a demo account
where there's no risk involved. Later in
the video, I'm going to show you an
incredible platform that allows you to
back test as well. But let's move on.
Let's talk about brokers. What they are,
what they do, and why you need them to
trade. So, simply put, a broker is the
middleman between you and the markets.
They provide you with a trading platform
and give you access to markets like
futures, forex, stocks, and crypto. And
they handle the execution of your
trades. Without a broker, you can't
place trades. They're the ones actually
connecting your buy or sell orders to a
larger exchange or network. Another
thing that your broker does is allow you
access to leverage. Leverage means that
you can control larger positions with
smaller amounts of money. For example,
10 to one leverage means that you only
need $1,000 to trade a $10,000 position
size. But with leverage comes something
called margin. Margin is the amount of
money that you need in your account to
hold a position. It's basically your
collateral. If the market moves too much
against you and you don't have enough
capital in your account, the brokerage
can close your position for you. That's
called a margin call. You don't want
that. So, while leverage can help you
grow faster, it can also increase your
risk. That's why it is always important
to have proper risk management in place,
which is something we've already covered
earlier. Understanding how brokers work
is a key piece of the puzzle if you're
serious about trading. Now, I use a
broker called Trade Station. It is a
regulated broker in the US that offers
equities or stocks and futures, which is
what I trade. If you're interested in
joining Tradation as well, the link will
be in the description below. So, now
that you know how brokers work and what
actually goes on behind the scenes, it's
time to actually place trades without
risking any real money. This is one of
the most important phases when learning
any strategy. It's where you take
everything that we've gone over and put
it into action in a risk-free
environment. So, now let's talk about
demo trading. Demo trading is where you
can trade the live markets, but using
simulated capital, so you're still
seeing real market movements in real
time. The only thing that isn't real is
the money, which means you can practice
without the risk. This is one of the
most valuable tools when learning a new
strategy like you are now. It lets you
build confidence, test your execution,
and get used to how your trading
platform works, all while making
mistakes that won't cost you anything.
You'll start to get a feel for how the
market moves, timing, and your own
decision-making process. And a side note
here, when setting up your demo account,
use the amount of money you would
actually invest in a live account. You
don't want to set your account to
millions of dollars and start investing
in huge positions that you wouldn't
actually be trading. Treat this like
it's your real capital. That way, when
you actually make the transition to live
trading, your habits and expectations
will be in check. Now, once you start
placing trades, whether that's live or
demo, there is one thing that's going to
make a massive difference in your
trading, and that's journaling.
Journaling is where you track your
trades, your decision-making, and your
feelings throughout the entire trading
process. So, this isn't just about
recording wins or losses. It's not
focusing on the dollar amount. It's
working on the process. It's about
becoming more self-aware and intentional
about your trading. For me, journaling
was a huge pivot point in my trading
career. It allowed me to visually see
what I was doing right, what I was doing
wrong, and double down on the things
that were working, and to stop making
the same mistakes over and over again.
And I use Tradzella for all of this. Let
me pull it up and walk you through some
of the most powerful tools within this
program. So, here is the Tradesella
platform. This visually shows me what
I'm doing right, what I'm doing wrong,
and allows me to track all of my stats
here. I can see my win percentage, my
average win to loss, my profit factor,
and then I can even go into each
individual trade and see what went right
and what went wrong. Another tool you
can use is the playbook feature here.
This allows you to test different
strategies like the one we've gone over
here, the three touch point trend line
break. Test it, see if it works. We've
got something called a trend line
bounce, a break and retest, a two touch
point trend line break. This is also a
place where you can do back testing like
what we went over earlier. If you're
interested in using Tradzilla as a
journaling tool, use code Tory 10 for
10% off of the monthly subscription or
Tory 20 for 20% off of the yearly
subscription. All right. Once you've
been journaling, testing, and building
real confidence in your strategy, the
next step is what everyone looks forward
to, going live. This has been the moment
that everything has been leading to.
You've learned the strategy, you've back
tested, you've forward tested on demo,
you've journaled, you've put in the
work. But before you enter your first
trade, [music] there are a few things
that you need to understand. You only go
live when you have the data to back up
your decision. You need to know that
your strategy works, and you need to
have the confidence knowing that you
have the ability to execute it. So, what
does that mean to have the data to back
up your decision? Something like
journaling allows you to track [music]
your performance and see hard numbers to
show you profitability and consistency.
And that confidence comes from
preparation, [music]
not guesswork. Second, you need to trade
with money that you can afford to lose.
I cannot stress this enough. [music] If
you are trading your rent money or your
savings, you are not trading. You are
actually gambling. That kind of pressure
will wreck your decision-making. So,
start small, grow slow. The markets are
not going to go anywhere. There are
always opportunities. Next, know that
going live is very different from
[music] trading demo. Your emotions hit
10 times harder when you're going live
versus demo. That's why demo trades feel
like they are perfectly executed,
[music] then fall apart when going live.
So, expect that shift and give yourself
time to adjust. It's all part of the
process. Fourth, don't rely on trading
as your only source of income from the
start. Having another source of income
allows breathing room and helps you
avoid forcing trades [music] just trying
to make money. You want to be able to
enter your positions with clarity, not
desperation. And finally, and most
importantly, do not rush this [music]
process. Sustainable trading takes time.
Every profitable trader that you look up
to has gone through months, if not
years, [music] of learning and refining
before everything clicked, including
myself. Let this be something that you
build for life, [music] not a quick hit.
Now, it's on you. Put this into
practice. Stay disciplined. And
remember, trading does not need to be
complicated. If you show up every single
day with consistency and follow what
we've gone over in this master class,
you can see [music] success in trading.
Now, you have everything you need to get
started. If you're looking for a more
advanced approach and learn directly
from me, [music] a trader who has been
able to generate over half a million
dollars in trading in the markets, all
the information is in the first link in
the description below. Thanks for
watching and if you want to see more
content like this, [music] don't forget
to subscribe to my channel, hit the like
button, and drop a comment below.
