I've tested thousands of fair value gaps
 
and I don't trade them like everyone
else. This trade, this trade, and this
trade are all thanks to my fair value
gap strategy that I've tested 1,01
times. But here's the thing. Most
traders are using fair value gaps
completely wrong. I've been trading for
17 years. Let me show you how to trade
them so you can use them the right way.
Now, I never guarantee or promise future
results, but if this helps you even a
bit, smash the like button, subscribe to
the channel, watch the disclaimer, and
let's dive in.
A fair value gap, also known as an
imbalance, happens when price moves so
aggressively in one direction that it
leaves behind untraded space on the
charts. It usually forms across three
candles. Here's how it works. you have a
candle, a strong push candle, and
another candle. And between those moves,
price doesn't fully trade through this
section of the chart. That gap is what
we call the fair value gap. Now, if this
wick comes all the way down here or this
wick comes all the way up here, we don't
really have a gap. Now, think of it like
this. Price moved up so fast, it didn't
give both buyers and sellers a chance to
participate equally. So later, price
often comes back down to this level to
fill that imbalance before inevitably
continuing. But here's the thing that
most traders get wrong. A fair value gap
is not an entry signal. I've been using
these for over 15 years, and everyone
trades it the same way now. They wait
for price to come to the fair value gap,
get an entry confirmation, they place a
trade, they cross their fingers, and
they hope it smashes their takerit. But
the expectation and the reality is
different. Meanwhile, traders keep being
told this is a great level to trade.
See, price forms a fair value gap, taps
in, smashes the profit. And it's the
exact same thing here. Perfect, right?
And the same thing goes on sell trades.
Look at that. Beautiful. But if you've
used fair value gaps long enough, you'll
notice they aren't that reliable at all.
And you've kind of been taught a lie.
Like this fair value gap not holding or
this fair value gap not holding here.
this one not holding here or this one
finally holding here but then giving you
a really bad risktoreward
ratio. Now there's much better places to
take these trades from that will
actually result in profitable trading
positions. So let me show you how with
my full fair value gap trading strategy
the right way. Now, before we get into
some live chart examples with some
trades I've actually placed, let's go
through the strategy in four steps. Step
one, we're spotting fair value gaps in a
move with a big push. So, we have a fair
value gap right here, a fair value gap
right here, and obviously we had that
big push right there, which is all of
those green candles. Step two, we're
marking out a level of demand. In order
to do this, I mark out the red candle
before the big push up, the beginning of
the move. Now, that level is going to be
the most powerful level, not fair value
gap 1 and not fair value gap 2. Those
are just imbalances that tell us the
price is likely to retrace, which brings
us to step three, waiting for the
retracement. So, for this one, let's
take the Fibonacci retracement tool.
It's right here on Trading View. measure
from the swing low to the recent swing
high and then pull that over. Now, if
that swing high gets higher, that's
fine. If not, we can continue to leave
it where it's at. And the importance of
that level is that we want to get price
at a discount. And trading demand levels
and not fair value gaps actually helps
us do that. If we were to go long from
fair value gap one, we could have had a
win here. If we went long from fair
value gap 2, we definitely would have
had a loss. But if we go long from the
level of demand, we are giving ourselves
a real opportunity because we're
catching price at a discount. Anything
below 50% right here is considered
discounted price, which just means it's
a good level to place a trade. Anything
above that 50% is considered your
premium. So, you're actually paying a
premium. As for my stop loss, I'm just
putting this below the level of demand.
You can also put it below this wick here
or this wick here if you want to be even
safer, but generally just below that
demand is what I'm looking at. I'd
probably put it around here. And then I
target a recent price level. You can see
price reacted off of this level right
here. So, I thought that would be the
level to target. And then I can play the
position out. And you can see it goes in
my direction and smashes the takerit. If
I play this position out a little bit
further, you can see it did go even
higher, but I'm happy with my profit
target level. Now, this may seem too
simple, but people over complicate
trading too much. We want to buy low. We
want to sell high. We don't want to buy
at the top. We don't want to buy at the
middle. But if we trade supply and
demand levels, we can buy at the bottom.
more consistently than not. Now, I've
got some tricks that make this fair
value gap trading strategy even better.
So, let me show you those and then I'll
let you go to take this fair value gap
trading strategy to the next level. This
works on any time frame, but before I
even look for fair value gaps, I always
scroll out. I want to see recent price
action and I just want to zone mark out
the recent high and the recent low to
give myself a trading range that I can
use to establish good levels to sell
from the top and good levels to buy from
the bottom. So now I can zoom in and I
could, you know, get back into the
process that I was following. Step one,
I'm looking for fair value gaps and a
big push. And we've got the fair value
gap right here. And we've got our big
push coming from this level all the way
up here. So now I can mark out my level
of demand from the red candle before
that big push up. Step three, I can wait
for price to retrace. Just put my
Fibonacci on the chart right here.
Obviously, I'm always looking to get the
price below that 50% and then I can play
this out and simply let that price come
back to me. And I'm expecting it to come
back to me because we have that fair
value gap, that imbalance price is going
to come to. And you can see it's
struggling at this level right here. But
if you took a trade at the top, this
trade likely would have lost already.
And so we continue on waiting for price
to come back to our demand zone. Now,
this is a trade I actually sent in my
free trading room. The entry was exactly
right here at the beginning of the level
of demand. And on some of my accounts, I
was happy to pull this all the way back
up here. And the stop loss could be
going below this range here, but I had
it tighter. I had it somewhere around
here. And you can see the takerit, a
smart area right there. So, let's go
ahead and play that trade out. And it
was an absolute rocket to my takerit.
Over 80,000 people in the Telegram got
this exact entry. So, feel free to check
that out. But to push the win rate even
higher on this fair value gap trading
strategy, I'm going to show you one
example. Exactly what I would do in the
markets. Okay, it all starts with
marking out that resistance, marking out
that support. This now becomes my
trading range. I want to buy from down
here and I want to sell from up here.
Then I'm looking at market structure. We
are clearly in an uptrend on the
long-term market structure. Why is that?
Well, we have a low here. We have a
higher high here, a higher low here, and
then we have a higher high here. And as
the price comes down, it does not come
below this level. So on the long-term
trend, we are actually still bullish,
which is a good sign. Now, the next
thing I'm doing is looking at the
short-term trend. I'll just map out from
the top here the current trend. Right?
So this is exactly what that looks like.
Here we have the high then we have a
lower low, a lower high and a lower low.
At this point we also have a lower high.
Right? So market is continuing into a
downtrend right now on the shortterm
trend. So let's say I like this level as
a demand zone. We got some big green
candles there. Got a nice push up. It's
from our level of support. I would not
actually take this trade. Why would I
not take this trade? Now look, that
would have been a nice trade, but I
would not take the trade until this
level is broken, right? Let me show you.
This was the market structure right
here. So until I get a break of
structure right here, I would not be
looking for buy trades. But luckily, we
just got that break of structure, right?
That just happened. And when that
happened, price created a new level of
demand. Perfect. So let's continue to
map that out. Now, what's the next thing
we're doing? Well, we're mapping out
fair value gaps, right? We've got the
big fair value gap right there. And
look, a lot of people, they want to see
price come to that level right there.
They're going to take their buy trade,
right? Is that what you want to do?
Well, let's play out. Does that fair
value gap work? No, that fair value gap
does not work. What does work is our
level of demand, right? The fair value
gap is just telling us that price is
likely to come down to demand. likely
going to get the retrace. So, let's take
that Fibonacci bottom of the move, top
of the move. Very simply, we now have
price below 50%. So, we're getting price
at a discount. And at this point, I'm
ready to open a trade. And where am I
going to trade? I'm going to trade right
off of this candle right there. Why?
Because that is a bullish engulfing
pattern. You can see these two candles
right here. You have a bearish candle, a
bullish candle, and the bullish candle
is engulfing the bearish candle. That is
a good momentum indicator. I would take
my stop loss. I'd put it probably about
here. Okay, that's a bit lower than
usual, right? But we had this wick over
here. And this support level was tested
multiple times. So, I don't want it to
test a third time and knock me out of
the trading position. But I do have my
momentum right there. And on this trade,
I actually let this one run and I used a
trailing stop. So, let's go ahead and
continue to play out the position. We
got the reaction we were expecting,
right? We want to have that big move
from demand. Sometimes what I would do
in a position like this, I would take
partial profits at this level right
here. But price broke through that level
so aggressively, I was able to just
continue on with the trading position.
And then you can see, oh, did it smash
take profit right there? it would have
if that's where I had my takerit. But on
this one, I actually took profit a
little bit lower somewhere around here
because I was trailing the position. So
basically, I was watching the position
come all the way up. I still felt good
about a breakout up here. But then when
price started to come down, once it
reached this level right here and I saw
that level getting broken, I decided to
get out of the position quickly. And you
know, it wasn't the best decision
because if I were to play this forward,
you could see price did end up shooting
up further. So, I didn't get that one
completely right. You don't always get
the profit targets completely right. But
still, I was able to get a riskreward of
about 2.15 by watching that trading
position. Maybe if I left it alone, I
could have got all the way up here to
4.5, but we never cry over spilled milk.
If you enjoyed my fair value gap trading
strategy, leave a comment, like the
video, consider joining my VIP trading
room where I send signals like this one,
or maybe just watch some more free
videos like this one here or this one
here. I'll be back next week. much slow.
