If you want to learn day trading then this entire
 
course is enough to explain the entire day trading to you.
And trust me,
in this entire course you are going to learn such things
which are actually
not taught to you even after charging you very expensive fees.
And this isn't all fancy stuff.
This is real knowledge.  It may sound a bit
boring but this is actually how
real trading is.  Real
trading doesn't involve much fancy stuff.
Now in the previous part we
explained the road map of day trading and
how to approach it exactly.
What is a road map?  Then we talked about three strategies
that you can follow this strategy, this
strategy, this strategy.
And apart from this, if you have something of your own
then you can follow that also.  Just keep
in mind that you should follow only one strategy.
We will understand why it is important
in the mindset part.  Now from here we are going to
understand in the second part
how to manage risk in day trading
?  What is risk management?  And the
most important thing is how to grow small capital and
how to manage risk in it.
Then after that we will understand
about mindset, what exactly should be the mindset
for day trading and then
we will understand about personal finance.
So in this second part you are actually going to
understand the real aspect of day trading.  And I hope you
learn a lot.  Let's start the video.
Now if I talk about risk management, it is a
simple term of day trading.  We
take a lot of trades these short.  So
when we take too many trades it means
that we are repeatedly burning our capital.  It's just like
throwing it into the fire.
Because look, suppose you have ₹1
lakh or ₹00 or whatever it is, if you
take a trade with that entire capital and
put a stop loss in it and you do not put a stop loss and you do
not know how to cut the trade, then it is possible that
your capital may get reduced to half in one go.
It is possible that only 1/3 of your capital may remain
or it may be completely lost.   It is the
day of expiry, so whenever we
invest our capital in these short markets, there is always a
risk that boss, I can suffer a
huge loss at any time.  I may run out of
capital.  So if we look at these in short, it
is like putting your hand in fire,
if you are putting your hand in fire then you
can get burnt anytime.  Now when it
comes to day trading, you have to understand the
risk before risk management.
If we take trades more often, it means we are
risking our capital more often.
Ok?  In short,
before understanding risk management, we have to
evaluate the risk and how much risk there is.
Because only when you know the risk well,
you will be able to manage it well.
So let's do a calculation and try to understand.  Let's say
you make
three trades a day.  Only three trades day
trading scalping so I am not touching.
I am talking only about intraday.
So in intraday, in a 6 hour session,
we assume that we will get
three trades in a day.  Now these three trades are of 1 day.
15 trades in five days =
15 * 4 = 60 trades in 1 month.  Taking trades 60 times
means you are burning your capital 60 times.
And this is one such thing in
trading where mistakes can happen at any time.
If he is a swing trader, how much will he invest
his capital in the fire, maybe twice or
thrice, there are chances in that too but they are a little
less.  Why?  Because he is putting it three times.
Putting it in the fire three times Capital
vs 60 times.  So this means that
specifically in day trading you
need to manage your risk very well.
Because the risk is very high.  At the same time, if you
multiply this by our total 228 market trading days, it will become
even more.  Multiply 228 by three.
You should watch If I'm Not Wrong approximately 500 to
600 times.  You are going to
put your capital into the market 500 to 600 times
in the fire of these shorts.  And trying to make money from there.  The
chances of
making a profit are as much as the chances of hitting a stop loss.  Butt losses are what you should be
more afraid of.  If profit is capital then
profit will definitely be made.
What will happen if he goes away?  Nothing.  Correct.  If
you can't wait, you can't wait.  So now you will
understand the risk aspect well.  So
how to manage it now?  My simple
principle is never put more than 1% of your capital
into any one trade.  If you are
scalping, do
n't go beyond 0.5%.  Now I am talking about
overall capital.  Suppose you
have only ₹1 lakh.  So if you are
doing intraday trading then
your stop loss in a single trade should not be more than ₹1000 out of ₹1 lakh.
Now you have
₹10,000.  I will tell you about that too now
but the capital is ₹1 lakh and it is 1%.  If you are scalping, you will
get eight trades a day.
Stop loss should be placed above ₹500.  Because
in scalping with a stop loss of ₹500,
whatever happens quickly, whatever has to be placed quickly will go away
quickly.  Otherwise
you will get profit faster.  So if you want to make money, then by
investing Rs 500 you can immediately become Rs 1500 or 2000.
Momentum comes so quickly in options.
Correct?  In fact, if you are
scalping in crypto forex, then you can make money quickly.
Because our leverage is high
there.  S is small.  The leverage is high.
So SL will go down quickly and profit will also go down
quickly.  So you
will trade more often and the risk should be lower.
Because while you are going to trade 500 times in a year
in day trading or
intraday trading, you may
trade 1500 times in scalping.  Correct?  So
in these short intradays the risk is 1% and
in scalping it is 0.5%.  Now how to calculate this
?  It is a very simple
formula.  Your loss divided by chart
loss.  If you are planning your stop loss at ₹1000
and you
see a stop loss of ₹10 in the chart.  Divide 1000 by 10 and
you will get 100.  This
means you have to take the trade with 100 quantity
so that if your SL is placed then 1000 will go and if the
target is hit then if it is 1:2 then 2000 and if it is three then
3000.  This is how you can manage.  To
understand this in depth, I have brought you to the screen
now.  And this is a 5 minute time
frame.  Now this is Tata Motors
stock.  There is no referral recommendation or anything like that.
Understanding just to learn.
Now here you can see a rejection candle
which I use
in my trading.  Right?  Now
if we calculate this rejection candle using the
scale, it will come out to be ₹5.
Almost ₹4.35.  We assume it to be around ₹5.
Tata Motors
usually forms such candles ranging from ₹5 to ₹2.5 and sometimes ₹8 on a 5-minute time frame.
Now I am
telling you this on the basis of my experience.
So now let's say ₹5 and my
stop loss here I have planned
₹1000 because the capital is ₹1 lakh.  Suppose
I have to take a risk of 1% on ₹1 lakh, then it comes to
₹1000.  So now for this,
my simple stop loss here i.e.
₹1000 is my personal stop loss
according to my capital and this stop loss of ₹5 is
according to the chart, so I have to
divide my stop loss by the stop loss of the chart.  So if we
divide 1000 by five then the quantity will be
200, that is, if I want to
take a short trade here then I should
short Tata Motors with 200 quantities and the stop
loss will be here.  Suppose the market
goes up and my SL is hit, I will lose
₹1000 and if the market goes to 1:2,
I will make a
profit of ₹2000 against the stop loss of ₹1000.  Now the big
question here is
whether you will get 200 quantity in Tata Motors
?  So when you are doing intraday trading
, choose intraday option,
then there you get 5X leverage.   That
means you can take trades up to ₹5 lakh with your capital of ₹1 lakh.
This is what
you can do.  If after choosing intraday option in your capital of ₹1 lakh, you are
seeing the option of 200 quantity of 200, then
you can take it.  And suppose the option comes
that no, no, you are going to take only 180 quantity.
You can't get higher than that.
So take 180 instead of 1000, I am saying that
stop loss will be of 800-900.
But in this way you
can keep your risk under control.  Now here is another
thing that you know is good?  A rate trader
keeps planning trades continuously.  So he usually sticks to one time frame and
works on one strategy.
So if you pick a stock, let's say a
particular stock
for intraday or if you
pick an index,
what will you see there?  When you observe all the rejection candles and dominance candles in Tata Motors on 5
minute time frame,
you will understand that sometimes the candle is formed around ₹2 to ₹3.
When there is a small range,
sometimes it ranges from ₹5 to ₹6 and sometimes if it is very
high then it goes up to ₹9 also.  Now
you don't need to calculate it every time.  If it is being
made around ₹6 then it will go
around ₹200 quantity or ₹190 quantity.  If a
candlestick of ₹2 to ₹3 is forming
then we will enter around ₹400 quantity.
If the candlestick is being made for ₹89
then we will do 100 quantity.  So overall,
in every case our stop loss will be fixed between ₹1000 to ₹900.
Now if you
feel that no, I have to take very good
trades then take trades only
where you expect to get big rewards.
And this is how you can plan.
Now comes the matter for those with small capital.
10,000, 15,000, 20,000.  So you might feel a little
bad after hearing this or maybe you might feel that
this is a bit harsh but ₹
10,000, ₹15,000 or ₹5,000 is enough to start with,
sir.  There is not much to boast about in trading.
What can't happen now?
It is possible that if 1000 people try, at least one will
hit a six.  That's simple, that is our
probability work.  So it does
not apply to everyone.  If you have confidence from within
, you have faith in your skills
then do it, there is no problem.  But if you
think logically in short, the amount of effort you put in to convert
10,000 into 1 lakh will make it
1.10 lakh.  So first
chase Bigger Capital.  But one should
always start with small capital.  So there's
10,000 capital, there's 500, there's 20,000.
I have a simple funda.  If your capital is ₹10,000
then your stop loss should not be above ₹200.
200 means 2% because a
stop loss of 2% will look fine even if the target is 600 or 700
or even if it is made at 400 or 500.
10,000 capital pay became 500.   It's
very good.  So in this way you can manage
your risk by keeping it in the aspect of 1% or 0.5%.
How do you calculate stop loss?  How to calculate the quantity
?  I told you that too.  This
is how I personally manage my risk.  Now do you
know what is the bonus point in this?   The
bonus point is that if this is the case then
how will our capital grow?  To increase small capital
when my capital was very low.
I was not able to do it at that specific time.
Because at that time I did
not think much about this thing.  I was
working on a single principle that I should take a little bigger
risk and increase the capital more quickly.
But later when I understood risk management
in depth, I realized that the real
player here is the one who is working on small risks.
Because only then the market
probability will come in his favor and if I
get time in future then I will
prove it to you live or by sitting normally
that how a person moves ahead on small risks
rather than taking bigger
risks.  But anyways understand
how to grow a small capital.  So
my objective is that if I have
10,000.  Don't make 10,000 into 20,000.
This is not my objective at all.
10,000 has to be made 11,000.  It became 11,000.
As soon as it reaches 11,000 I will increase my risk a
little.  For example, suppose right now I am
taking a risk of ₹200 on a risk of ₹10,000.
Now as soon as my ₹10,000
becomes ₹11,000, I will reduce the risk to ₹300.
Because now I have profits.
As soon as my capital of ₹1,000 reaches ₹12,000,
I will make it ₹400.  He will
come for ₹13,000, I will make it ₹500.  So in
these shorts, as my capital
increases, I will increase my risk and
as the capital decreases, let's say
I may reach Rs 15,000.  Now
after reaching 15,000, I started losing my
streak.  I am taking a risk of
₹500 per trade and all my 10
trades went against me.  As soon as I
come back from 15,000 to 10, I will
again come down to 1% or 2% as I told
₹200, I will come down to 2%.  Then I will not take 5%.  In
this way small capital
is increased.  Because capital preservation
is your biggest weapon in intraday trading.
If you don't have capital,
you won't be able to do anything.  If you have capital then you have
100 opportunities to work in the market.  So that's why
first make a small profit and then
take that small profit at risk to make a big
profit.  That's how we grow small capitals.
Now let's talk about mindset
[music].
Now mindset is actually the most important thing
in day trading.
What should be your mindset?  I will try to summarize it in short.  You will
work on a strategy.  This thing should be
set in your mind.  You will
follow your risk management well.  This
thing should be set in mind.  One thing to keep in
mind is that if you
try to play even a little with these two things, you will never be
able to do day trading and become a day trader.
Because as soon as you
start flipping strategies,
things will start going wrong.
If you already have a plan set that boss, this is how
I will approach the sideways market.  I will
use this strategy there.   This is how
I would approach a trending market.  I will
use this strategy there.   There is
already clarity of thought.  There
is no problem.  Because now your pattern of
trading is like that.  So what will happen with that?   The
probability will be in your favor.
Why is it said that
you have to use a strategy in day trading?  What is the
reason that every trader, me, my story
, my age, all my friends, all the
people, all of them came to you in fact Peter Sir.
He also told you that
his friend David Green has been
using a strategy for the last 30 years.
So what is the hidden message behind this that
you also have to use the same strategy.
Why is it like this?  Why do they say that?
Why do I always keep saying this?  There
is a simple tone behind it.  The probability may be in your favor.
What is Now in Short?  We will
not go into much depth about probability.
What is these shsh probability?
All strategies in the market work because whatever
happened today in the chart will happen again tomorrow.
No one knows when it will happen.
Because the market is shaped like an amoeba.
I used the word amoeba because
amoeba does not have any defined shape.
It can be of any shape.  Can go anywhere.  It could be anything.
Similarly, the
market is also like this.  There is no
line length, no pattern or any such secret
thing in the market.  The market can do anything at any time.
But one thing is sure.  If you
work on a strategy, then if the
market has gone up today in the dominance candle,
it may not go up tomorrow or the day after tomorrow.  It could be next
day.  Or it may be that it went today, it
went yesterday, it did not go the day before yesterday, and then your
losing stick came.  Then you are going to have continuous
losses.  But if you
stick to the same strategy and
manage the risk reward properly, manage the risk
and also extract the risk reward properly
from the market, then no one can stop you from becoming profitable.
So these short
probabilities can come in your favor.  Because of this
you have to work on a strategy.
This is the most
important aspect of mindset.  Now the second most
important aspect is why is it important to manage risk properly
?  If you make
even a small mistake and
try to be a little aggressive at any place, then this has happened many times
with me also that due to one mistake
and at the end of the last year, that is, it may be the
closing of March, right now it is the
closing of March, by the way, but suppose it is the
closing of March of last year or
anything, by the time you reach the end, the whole
year has been good, you have made profit, your whole
year is green, you have made a lot of money, in the
end you did not feel that
something very aggressive is going to happen in the market and
you took a big position and because of one trade the
whole year goes into loss or the
capital itself gets increased.
This thing happens with a lot of people.  It has happened to me as well.
In short, if you want to get out of that thing
then keep one thing in mind, do
not forget the risk management like this.  Get a
tattoo written here. If you are doing day trading, then
sit in such a way that if I have to do day
trading, until my mindset
goes into an automation process that
now I do not need to look anywhere.   As soon as
I reach 1%, the mouse gets clicked automatically
and the red gets cut automatically.  There is no
issue till then.  But ultimately that is not
happening.  You need to be very specific that
you follow it properly and remain disciplined.   If you remain
disciplined, again probability will
work in your favor.  Because
what is the biggest mistake?  Where people
lose money.  I will make a dedicated video on this sometime in the future.
But in short, understand this way,
when we are trading in the market,
money is being made.  Where we feel
that this is just such a
normal trade.  We finish it by taking small risks
and the same trade
goes in our favor and results in a big reward.
Sometimes we think that we will
go very aggressive and we
take a big position there and it gets delayed
and then what happens at the end?  We came out
in loss because in market terms, the
market supported you completely.
Once you take the trade the
market moves in your favor.  Once you have
taken the trade, you have a stop loss.
Now it is your mistake that why did you become more aggressive once
and
why did you not become less aggressive once?  You should have kept both of them equal.
Then you would have made profit
in the market.  This term is called
bringing the odds to your favor in the market.
And by the way, trading is the game of
bringing the odds to your favor.  This is about one of these
short mindsets.  You have to
keep your mindset like this.  Then you can
go somewhere and think of doing well in day trading.
Now comes the most important part at last
which is to manage personal finances.
Look, I can give it to you with such a stamp on it.  No matter
how good your strategy is.  No matter
how good a trader you are.
If you have not managed your finances properly or
if you are doing day trading.
There is no chance that Baba has run away from home.   Do you
know why day trading is so difficult
?  Not just because you
make money daily or not, or whether you make money or
not.  Because when you don't make money,
you are now doing day trading.
You have only one job.  If
you know only one thing then you have to bear the expenses also.
Suppose you did not make any money this month
and you have not planned your finances properly.
You have invested all your capital
in the market and
you have suffered a loss in that too and you have to
pay EMI.  Now what will you do now?  The loss has been done.
You will fill that separately.  After that, you will
withdraw money from the same loss capital
in the bank and then go and pay your EMI,
electricity bill, bring ration for home
and manage all the expenses.  Now
that capital has reduced.  Why?  Because
we have caused a loss.  On top of that, we took
withdrawal from him.  Withdrew and paid EMI.   I will bear the
rest of the expenses.  So now with that less capital, it has become
even more difficult to recover the loss.  Now do
you know why I told you this with so much emphasis
?  I have struggled with this thing.  I am
struggling a lot.  I mean, I have fought like this with the
situation.  Not once but three times.  Not
just one time.  That is why I am explaining this with so much importance because it is
very
important.  Perhaps this is the biggest reason
you think why all these traders
come on social media?  And why do all the
Ake You Know Someites go towards their Coursers
?  Or
why go for strategy?  You are
doing so well in trading.  Make money on trading.
Trading is a game of capital.
Now suppose someone has a capital of ₹5 crore.  He will
take too much risk on ₹5 crore, that is
too much, I am saying he is the
best trader in the world.  I am saying that
he is converting Rs 5 crore into Rs 10 crore every year.
Ok?  Today it was 5 crores, he converted 5 crores into 10
crores.  Now if he invested Rs 10 crore, then out of Rs
10 crore, Rs 1 crore,
I am saying Rs 50 lakh, i.e. 10% of it,
went into brokerage charges.  4.5
vessels.  Nirmalata will take 30 taka out of 4.5.
How much is left?  3 taka means 3.5
crore saved.  Suppose you do the rough calculations as per
your convenience.  Now it is found that in that Rs 3.5 crore,
its expenses are huge.  Now
he has bought a car worth Rs 2 crore, so
what is left?  Nothing.  So does it mean that he will have to
increase his income sources further?  And
if he can do it, he should do it.  This is the biggest
reason.  So trading is very difficult.   Do you
know what happens?  I will
explain it to you exactly.  Which I have observed.
Suppose you have a capital of Rs 5 crore in day trading.
Ok?  And you think,
man, I will make 10% a month.  That means it becomes
₹50 lakh per month.  That means it is
120% of the year.  I say you will make
100% of the year.  Ok?  I am not insulting.  I am
telling you the
logic one by one because everyone thinks it is 10%.  So
you have converted Rs 5 crore to Rs 10 crore per year.  After deducting
brokerage and taxes from Rs 10 crore,
you are left with Rs 3.5 crore.
Roughly.  The remaining Rs 3.5 crore that you have is
your exemption.  And you have
planned your lifestyle accordingly.  Isn't it?  Or will
my lifestyle be like this?  I will
live in a flat that costs ₹1 lakh per month
because I am earning ₹1 crore per year.
You know where to keep it.  If
your projection is ₹3.5 crore then you should
keep that projection at ₹5 crore.  Work hard, there
is no problem.  There needs to be a big plan
from here also.  But bring it in such a way
that even if I make 10% of it, I will
survive in the market comfortably.  And
my necessary expenses will continue.
Everything will be possible at this time.  That means
you made a projection of ₹5 crore but
you also earned ₹35 lakh or ₹50 lakh per year which
if seen on a monthly basis is ₹ lakh or ₹
lakh or ₹45 lakh, then
you should keep your personal finance and your
lifestyle at ₹45 lakh.  Even if you
make 3.5 crores, you should still
keep 4 crores.  Till when?  Until your
initial capital of Rs 5 crore doubles.   I don't know
how many people understood this math or did they not,
I don't know, but it is there
boss, now you see it,
refine it as per your convenience, but that is the thing, that is why
dating is so difficult, now what happens is that
when we are making money, once we get the
money, then we feel like just spending, spending, spending, spending,
spending, we
live an expensive life only once, so
because of this we become a little
impulsive about money and
because of this, trading becomes more difficult, that is the thing, that is why
in trading it is
also called a capital market and perhaps
because of this, people again come to social media
and it is not easy to come there.  I don't know
how many people come and end up here.  Can't walk.  To
grow in that too, you must have
skills.  You
must have a brain, logic, and be able to explain.
Now some people have good luck.
People grow even by showing such fake things.
But according to me
you should have knowledge.  But anyways let's come back to
personal finance.  If you have
understood this personal finance thing then
you can do it.  Now you know what to
do?  You have to see what my monthly
expenses are.  Suppose your monthly
expenses are fixed at ₹00, then I definitely need ₹00 per
month.  How old is it year
?  Earning ₹ lakh means that
you should have a trading capital of at
least ₹ 40 lakh (₹ 00) according to me.
So if you just look, the capital is ₹40 lakh.
I say that
within a year, not just in 8 months, you converted ₹40 lakh into
₹80 lakh.  It's great.  Give me a party, give
me a party too.  I am happy to know that
you are doing so well.  You are
growing so much.  But real
life doesn't just run on numbers.  It takes a lot of
planning.  Planning is
very important.  What will he do in this case
?  What will you do if 40 doesn't make 80
?  So you should have confidence inside you
that even if I don't achieve anything, I will at
least earn Rs 10 lakh, I will earn Rs 40
lakh to Rs 10 lakh per year.  Now if I earn Rs
10 lakh a year, what will happen in this case
?  Then I have no tax on 10 lakhs and 12 lakhs.  I will
make 10 lakhs.
My expenses will be managed.  One or two
lakh rupees extra will be saved.  It will be installed in the Capitol.  I will
work hard for the next year.
So that means your plan is set to make 80 lakhs.
You have 40 lakhs.  You have to make 80 lakhs in 1 year
or 70 lakhs in 1 year,
whatever it is.  That is your plan.  But
what is the worst case scenario that Boss 40 to 10 lakhs also
made 40 lakhs to 10 lakhs, that is how much it is, if
seen roughly then around 25%
I made 25% of the year by working hard, it is fine, the
index gives 12% 15%
every year in the 10 year average, otherwise if you are
able to make 25% every year with consistency then it is a
good thing, you are doing well, you are
not doing bad, you are doing very well, that is what
personal finance is, rather if
seen in reality then you should
choose bigger capital.  I
would say that you should do so much that even if
in the worst case scenario you do not make
15% or even 15% of your trading capital in a year,
your life should still
run smoothly.  Hey, won't we spend a little less?  Let's
go to a new pub and dance.
What do you call a little new?  You will live a luxurious lifestyle.  I will remain a
little normal.  But the basic
necessity should be comfortable, it should
be smooth.  This is a very important
aspect.  If you want to become a day trader.
This has to be understood.  S There is no chance.
Now you are a student.  You have a
backup.  I have a job, should I quit
it?  How to do?  You will
get to see a very solid video about this later.
Where I will share my thoughts, my
planning, my reviews on how you can do it.
And That Was It For The Video.  I hope
you have understood all the aspects.
This has been very stressful and one of the most difficult videos.
Frame it, explain it to
you clearly.  But I hope you liked my presentation.
And you must have like this
template.  All the best.
Oh brother, I am tired.
