I don't trust strategies. I trust data.
 
Before I ever trade a one minute orb
live, it goes through hundreds of back
tests, different market conditions,
sessions, and volatility environments.
Most opening range breakout strategies
fail the moment volatility changes. But
this is the only one minute orb scalping
strategy that survived all of it. Today,
I'm teaching a simple three-step
process. Trend, level, entry. Now, I
don't promise or guarantee any future
trading results, but if this helps you
at all, smash the like button, subscribe
to the channel, watch the disclaimer,
and let's start with step one, trend.
Now, this is where most one minute
traders mess up and miss out on a week
like this one, where I had four scalping
trades on the same pair, trading under
one hour each day. I constantly see
traders that don't filter a single bad
trade and end up with a horrible win
rate. But I can add a single indicator,
the EMA, and cut out so many stupid
losses. I simply set this at length 100.
And then this blue line tells me the
average price over the last 100 candles.
And then I'm only looking for buy orbs
when the price is above that level and
sell orbs when the price is below that
level. This keeps me aligned with the
dominant order flow of the market. only
buying when the buyer's in control and
only selling when the sellers are in
control. When we see price break out
like it did here, orb traders are
looking to take a sell right here, get
themselves some pips, but the market
goes against them almost immediately and
they lose the trade with price breaking
out the top. But if we enable the EMA,
price is above this level. So, I'm only
looking for buy trades like this one
right here, target up here, and let that
baby rip. I'm always trying to trade
with that dominant order flow. Now,
before I jump into step two, I'm going
to give out five free spots to my VIP
trading room. Just comment something
random below for your chance to win.
Step two is levels. Even with the right
trend, bad trades still happen if the
location is wrong, which is why I use an
orb to help with market direction. At
9:30 a.m. Eastern, I'm looking at the
first 5-minute candle. I'm marking out
the high and the low of that candle as
soon as it's closed. This makes up my
trading range for the day. Then I come
to the 1 minute time frame. I'm waiting
for price to break out the bottom or out
the top of this level right here and
close creating displacement. If I use a
Fibonacci from the bottom to the top of
the range here, I'm generally looking
for that move to come out about 70% of
the range. So this is 100% and the move
to be about 70% or more. To see the
Fibonacci setting to do that, all you
have to do is put minus.7. Okay. Now,
this is where we get into levels because
this move creates our demand zone, which
is our first level, and it'll
potentially also create a fair value
gap, which is our second level. Then I'm
simply waiting for a retracement. Does
price retrace to this level and then
push up into a trade or does it break
through that level and come down to
demand? If it holds in the fair value
gap, I can trade. If it holds in the
demand, I can trade taking a long
position from that level once I get my
entry confirmation, which I'll show you
later in the video, and then hopefully
smash my takerit. Now, let me show you
this on the live chart. You can see here
exactly what's going on, right? We have
a couple of breaks, but the brakes were
no good, right? This was a soft break
right here. Another soft break right
there. No displacement. But then we get
our third break. And on this one, if I
measure that out, look, 70%. We got our
candle closure. Price is above the EMA
now. And we have our levels. We have the
creation of the demand zone, right?
That's the red candle, the big push up.
To get a level of demand, you need one
red candle. And then you need 1 2 3 four
green candles in a row. And below that
we have our fair value gap. Right? So we
have both of those being created. So at
this point, as you know, I'm just
waiting for a pullback to those levels.
And I'm waiting for entry confirmation,
which I just got right there. So I would
set up my trading position. Something
like this. I would look over here. This
is a pretty good level for me to target.
It looks like we're getting the hold
right here. And then I would play that
position out. You could see it goes
pretty well at this level right here.
Maybe I would consider taking some
partial profits since that was a strong
level of supply. But let's continue to
play that out. And you can see goes up
to my target and smashes my takeprofit
on this trade. All my conditions were
met, but I didn't really get into one of
the most important parts, which is step
three, the entry. And this is really
where patience matters. So, it's 9:30
a.m. Eastern. I just had the candle. I
marked out top. I marked out the bottom.
That's my range for the day. And then
I'm waiting for price to break out the
bottom or in this case break out the top
with a big displacement move and then
retrace to my level. And you can see
I've got a couple of candles set up
right there because this is my pattern.
So you have one red candle right here
and then you have an engulfing green
candle right there. This is called a
bullish engulfing pattern. And when that
pattern happens, it gives me
confirmation that there's momentum in
the market in my direction. And I will
enter on that candle close, something
like this, and then ideally have that
price come up and smash my takeprofit.
So, let's take that back into the live
markets here. You can see we have a
range being set up. We had a break of
the range out the top, a break of the
range out the bottom, but no real
displacement. You can see we have our
EMA here. So, we're looking for buy
opportunities. We got another move right
here, but no real displacement. We're
looking for that aggressive push and
close outside of the zone. Something
like that right there. And that creates
our levels, right? We've got a level of
demand. And we have an overlapping fair
value gap right here, which is a three
candle pattern. This candle right here
and this candle right here do not
overlap this previous candle creating
imbalance in the markets right there.
That's why I like that as an entry
position as an entry level. So then I'm
simply waiting for price to pull back.
Doesn't pull back yet. We get a couple
of touches and at this point it does
pull back but then it breaks through.
Right? So, the fair value gap was
broken, but now the demand zone is
holding. And you could see we have four
candles holding. And this candle right
here, even though it's big, is being
engulfed by this next candle, which is
the bullish engulfing pattern, which is
where I enter my trading position. I put
my stop loss either below the demand or
below the orb right here. And then I
zoom out. I have to look for somewhere
to target. Now, I could target all the
way up at the top right here. That's a
pretty aggressive target. Personally, I
would target something more like here.
That's because we had a lot of
consolidation at this area right there.
So, I expect price to come to that
level. This would give me a 2.32
riskreward. I think I would tighten up
the stop-loss a little bit. Something
like that right there. And now that I
have all of my entry confirmations, I
can enter the trading position. Wait and
see how it plays out. And it does smash
my takeprofit. In fact, it went
significantly higher right there. And
maybe that's because price was in such a
consistent uptrend right here. Could
have easily trailed our stop loss and I
could have made more off of this
position. Now, to drill this down even
further, I'm going to go through nine
rapid fire examples right now. All
right, so we're in line with the EMA.
Price pulled back, stuck at our level.
We got that bullish engulfing and then
pushed up. Smashed the takerit. Same
thing here above the EMA. Settled into
the fair value gap. Bullish engulfing
and smashing the takerit. Then we've got
a sell version coming out the bottom of
that orb and smashing the takerit.
Another sell here below the EMA. Fair
value gap. Bearish engulfing. And I'm
into the trade. And it just smashed it
quick. Look, we had these small breaks
out the top, but there was no
displacement. So, we waited for the big
breakout the bottom with displacement.
Came below the EMA, tapped the fair
value gap, and then price came all the
way down right there, smashing the TP.
And look at this beautiful one. Almost
perfect. And then another sell off of
that bearish engulfing right here. And
we may as well end it on a sell because
I showed you all those buy examples. and
smashed the takerit perfectly there off
of this gorgeous level of supply. Now,
trading is never easy, but I hope this
one minute scalping strategy helps you
in your trading. And if you're looking
for more help, consider joining my VIP
trading room or my trading robot that
trades this exact strategy completely
automated. Maybe watch this video right
here. Definitely watch this video right
here. And I'll be back next week. Much
love.
