What is trading? How can you understand trading exactly?
 
What is the main agenda of day trading? How is it planned?
How do I think about day trading?
How do professionals think? Do they have any
theories in their mind? We will discuss all these things
and I hope this
particular video will completely change your perspective on day trading. I
mean, you will get a reality
check in short. So, let's not waste much time, let's go
straight to the video. The
market is like this. If today the market
forms a dominance candle like this, okay, and the
price goes down. If this happened today, it will happen
again tomorrow. Do
you agree on this? What do you think? Thank you.
Yes sir, yes, very good, what do you think? Thank
you. People also do not trust me. There is
no trust. Well, tell me one thing. There is a
strategy. Okay, so let's
understand the core concept of a strategy. Strategy means
we take a simple strategy.
Below the LTS is the RSI. We know what RSI is.
Okay, and above the LTS is the price
and above this is the price.  There is resistance. Okay, now suppose the
price is slowly going up, the
RSI is also coming up and this is the 80
level of RSI. Okay, right now the
RSI has come near 80 and this price
is also near the resistance. Now
what are two things telling you to short?
Short the market. The market
can fall from here. Its strength has
reached its peak. Okay, suppose the
market has fallen once. Now when the market
falls once, you get feedback from the market and
you have made your strategy.
This thing works like this. That thing will
not work only when the market behaves the same way again. Did
n't you
understand? Did you understand the point, that the market
moves like this in cycles? You know
that later is a bull cycle, later is a bear
cycle. If you have survived one complete cycle,
then you are ready to make money
in the market. So why is it like this? Because what
happened today happens again tomorrow. Okay, it is that
easy in the market. So,
I have agreed till now.  Why am I not, isn't that the
point? Or why are you not, I know
why everyone has seen an amoeba? Yes, you have seen
the shape, tell me what it is.
Anyone else can define the size of an amoeba?
You know, fine. So, it is like this, this is a
very important lecture. If
you have understood it, understand it. Its name should be Yanos. We are not doing it.
Okay, have you fully understood that
amoeba can be like this? Yes, sir, or
it can be like this. Just now, people have said in the comments, I
read in the trading class, okay, okay, what is the
formation of a strategy,
what is the main formation of a strategy, and from this
you will also understand that when you want to move
forward from a late, then you
can make your own strategy. This is how I understood this
concept in the market.
When I posted that video, okay, so
what is it now? It is not possible to fake the market.
You have posted the date.
If the market fails in the next two-three days, that means this thing will
correct. So, right now, it will be late.
Candle P B Market fell, now we have to test further
when Bank Nifty forms a big dominance
candle with equal strength,
chances are very high that it will fall. We know that
after this dominance candle the
market will fall or my XY
strategy has worked today and
it will work only when the market
creates the same conditions again,
but we think that the market will move like this, this is how the
market cycle is here, P today a
dominance candle was formed, the market fell, my
strategy worked, tomorrow I will come again,
open my shop, here the market will work again,
this is not the shape of the market, the cycle is the
same, P B shape, which
means you don't know which shape is going to happen, at what time will it
react the same way,
get the point, yes sir, now what happens, now
you have the confidence that boss,
this happened today, the same thing is going to happen tomorrow,
but whether it will happen tomorrow, no, what day after tomorrow,
no probably next hour  Or let's say
next day this can happen.
Now if the next hour comes, then what will happen to you? You have a
winning streak. You took a
profit, took a second trade, took a profit, took a third
profit. Has anyone made money? Have you seen this even? Yes, I have been in
the
cycle? Okay, today it seemed like
God is
with Pranav. It will happen. Okay, now
these also come. A lot will happen with them. So
now the next day I am confident.
Next day, first trade loss, second trade loss,
third trade loss. Now we are there because we have this in
mind.
This is the shape of an amoeba. This will happen again. I know it will
work. When will it work? No, you do
n't know when exactly it is going to work. So what we need to do is
our trading
process, you know the way to understand it.
We have to keep it clean. We are coming to the
market daily. Daily we are looking into the
setup and that is what we are following. Got it. Actually,
now I don't  Think of a
better explanation than this for day trading.
If you
understand day trading, no matter how good your trading is, no matter
how good your strategy is,
you could be wrong with the next trade. So, it's very important to
make sure that if you're day trading,
you understand the psychology of the market.
This is market psychology, in
short, what the framework is. You've understood how the market works.
Now, after understanding this,
I'm pretty sure that
my audience is very intelligent. We're very small right now.
We're at a very small stage, so there are
very sensible people who are watching. So, there should be
proper clarity in your mind that if I want to
update, no matter
how good my strategy is, I can go wrong at any
time. So, if the market is to
move in this manner, then it means two
things. The first thing is,
I have to stick to the strategy I'm working on; only then will
I be able to complete that market cycle. Only then has the
thing that happened to
me today happened.  I will be
able to make profit only if I am
working with the same thing,
working with the same thought, secondly it is not necessary that if the
thing worked today then it will work tomorrow as well,
so make sure that
my risk management side or
the way I think that no, yes
if I have multiple stop losses
then I will stop day
trading for today because it will become too much,
think from this perspective and make a plan in this way,
now in the next part we will understand the
mindset of swing trading and
decode swing trading,
what things do we need to master swing trading, in what manner to proceed
and what mindset and
what steps to take, so I hope you
understood, you must have liked this
video, all the best
