If you give me approximately half an hour of your time,
 
I will tell you the entire story of day
trading. What exactly is day trading?  How to
pursue?  I will teach you all those things.
Every aspect of it.  Now let us discuss the
whole day trading or
how do you become a complete day trader?  Or how to do day trading
?  We will understand all these aspects in five simple
steps.  First of all we will
understand what exactly is day trading
?  What is his road map?
How to pursue it?  Then we will understand
which strategies you can use in day trading.
I will talk about my own strategy
and some solid
strategies that can give you very solid gains.
Then after that we will talk about the
risk management aspect that
how you have to manage your risk in day trading
and how you have to preserve your capital
because
if you make even the slightest mistake in
risk management in day trading then you can assume that no
one can stop you from becoming completely bankrupt.
I am using the word bankrupt.
Not just capital blowout because day
trading is something where you are completely
involved in day trading.
You do not have any other work to do
and if you make even a small mistake in it, then even a
small mistake means loss of lakhs
and sometimes even bankruptcy.  Then
after that we will talk about the mindset and
how you should actually approach day trading.  What mindset should I
keep and all those who already
know me understand very well that
in trading only 10% or 5% is your strategy
analysis.  The remaining 90% of things
that are made or destroyed are all due to
mindset.  Then after that we will
understand how to manage the personal finance aspect of day trading
exactly.
In the fifth step, we will understand
how to manage personal finances for day trading.
Because when you are doing day trading
or are a full time day trader,
if you do
not plan and manage your personal finances properly, then
you are going to face a big problem.
Now I am not a SEBI registered broker or anything like that
so this is all based on my personal
experience.  You
also have to do your research on this.  I am an educator.
My job is to tell you the right things.
Also do your own research based on experiences.  I can definitely promise
that by the end of the video, you will have
proper clarity in your mind about
exactly how you should
approach day trading.  Where
we have covered everything from the road map of starting to
strategy, mindset, personal finance.
So this is going to be a very amazing day
trading course.  And
I am promising that in this entire course
you will get to learn such things which
people actually do
not teach even after charging very heavily.  So let's not waste much time.  Let's
go straight to the video.   Let's
go.  Now first of all let us talk about the road
map,
what is actually the road map of day trading?
Now before understanding the road map, if you are
going to choose day trading then you should keep
this thing in your mind that day
trading is something which is completely skill
based.  Keep in mind this is skill based.
That is why all the traders can
share their strategies.  You
can share your trading method.  You can share your thought process.
But no one in the world can make you a day trader.
You heard me right.  No one
can make you a day trader.  Now look,
I don't have to sell you any course.
I don't even have any courses yet.  The live
classes that used to take place have been stopped.  So
I am telling you all the things that
actually exist and which
are real.  So that's what Reality Boss is all about.  In fact,
when I used to take classes earlier,
my approach there was also the same that boss, I am an
educator.  I will teach you and explain to you.
But nothing is going to happen in 1 month, 2 months, 3 months.
If you want to do day trading
then you will have to have a big vision.  It may take
6 months, 8 months, a year or
sometimes even four years.  And
because it is a skill based matter.  Here the
whole game depends on skills.  So
you tell me this.  Ask yourself
what skill you are
very good at right now and that was developed in a week, a
month or three months.
Your answer will be none.  Every skill,
whether you ride a bike well, whether you
play the guitar well or you
ski well, you swim well, you fight well
, you
sing well, every skill takes
time to develop.  Similarly, day trading is also a
matter of skill.  This is going to take time.
So if you do not have time to devote
then do not consider day trading
and do not approach day trading as a profession.  You
can do trading on your own.  If you buy a stock today and
sell it after 6 months, then technically that is also a trade
and if you are doing this again and again then it is
trading.  But day trading or
becoming a day trader is a totally different
thing.  One of my friends is there.  His
name is Umar Ashraf who is
active in the market for the last 10 years.  He is a day trader.
He made millions of dollars by being a day trader.  It happened
in a month, it happened in a year
, it happened in a year and a half, it happened in 2 years.
No, it took him two-three years or something.  It took
me more time.  It took
six-seven years.  So keep this in mind,
it is a matter of skill.  When it
comes to skill, it comes with the fact
that this thing is scientifically proven.
If you want to master any skill in the world, it takes
you
10,000 hours to master the skill.  This is a basic
criteria.  I want to learn guitar,
learn driving, become a pro at bike racing,
do anything.  10,000 hours is a basic
criteria.  Now, do
n't relate this thing like, boss, I will
learn trading in 10,000 hours.  Because if you go to do maths, it will take
5 years.
Talking about these reality masters.  This means that
becoming a master of day trading means you have
understood everything.  And you have become a
profitable trader.  So it will take time.
Now it's time to become a 10,000 Hour Master.
So do you have to put in 10,000 hours
?  You don't need to be a master of the markets to get started, understand them,
trade them decently,
and make a little money.
A master is a master.  If you are
ready to give yourself six years, five years,
you will become a master.  That's my promise.
But if you give even one year well,
you can become very good.  But only if you follow
a proper road map and the right line length.
So this thing has to be kept in mind.
And this is the first initial step of that
road map that it is a matter of skill
development.  I hope you have understood it very
well, I have emphasized it to you very well.
Then after that
you should know the basics.  See the basics,
what happens?  In basics, you will know
about trading whatever instrument
or thing you are going to trade,
for example, if you plan to
trade Nifty 50.  So you should
know all the aspects of Nifty 50.  The
first thing is
how many stocks are there in Nifty 50?  There are 50 stocks.  OK
boss?  Which is the best stock with the highest weightage
?  There is Reliance.  Ok?  I know
this thing.  If I trade in Nifty 50,
what options do I have?  I have the
futures approach and I have the
options approach.  Ok?  So through
these short examples I told you that
whatever you are thinking of getting hold of, that is, if
I will do day trading, then I should have complete information
about that instrument or that particular thing.
And
before that I have to choose an instrument.
So both the things are actually
interlinked with each other.  If you do a
thorough research on an instrument, you will find
some things that
you will like very much.  Like for me, I used to like
Bank Nifty very much earlier.  Now I don't
trade much in Bank Nifty.  The
expiry has passed.  Then if they become
expensive then I have shifted to Nifty 50.
But still if someone
asks me what is your one of the favorite
instrument?  Way back in 2020,
I would say Bitcoin was my favorite thing until 189.
Then after that when you get
involved in the option in a big way then it becomes
Bank Nifty Nifty, right now
Nifty, so in this way you have to choose your favorite
instrument.  Like One of My
Friend Is There Tony Trades.  She
trades platinum.  It's not that she can't trade more.
She trades Ethereum as well.
Silver and all do too.
Crude does too.  But what is his favorite pair
?  Platinum.  Do you know what this means
?  No one can possibly do platinum better than that.  In
this way, when you
work on an instrument, then you will become a
champion of that instrument.  Then those
around you will
not be able to do better than you in that instrument.  This
is how you approach day trading.  Now two
things have become clear to you that it is a
matter of skill development.  You will have to
give time for skills.  Calculate it.  Now
you can do one more thing, a little
professional.  For example, it takes 10,000 hours to
become a master.  So you think
that boss, if I want to become a master then it will take
10,000 hours, then at least I will
need 5,000 hours to learn normal things and do well.  Now you
divide 5000.  Give as much time as you
can for learning in the market.  You can give 1 hour
, 2 hours, 6 hours
, 8 hours, 10 hours, whatever the
daily average time, the
less time you will take.  You think that if I
give you one hour a day, then if you
give me one hour a day, it will take 5000 days.  Now if we
divide 5000 days by 365 then it will take years,
then many will take 10 years.
If you give an hour daily then
you will have to give more time.  Now
after choosing the instrument, keep one thing in mind very carefully.
Beginners make this mistake.
Many times, even those who have been trading for two-three years do
not know about it.
You should know all the types of orders.
In the market there are general market orders and
limit orders.  But there are
five such types of orders.
Why am I saying this?  It is a very small thing.   But
this is important because if you
know all the orders then you
can automate your day trading very well.
Like what do I do?
I do
n't usually put stop losses into the system when I'm in front of my screen.
Should be applied.  You apply it.  I sometimes place a
stop loss.  The focus is only here
in the system, as in, now so much self-
control has developed in me that I know that
boss, I have to get in and out of it, so that's
fine, but as a beginner, you have to keep a
sell in the system, now when do I keep a sell in the system,
when I know that I have
taken the trade, now I have some other work, I get an
urgent call, I have to go somewhere, I have to do
something in an emergency,
then I cannot leave such an order,
I put the SL and leave it, now whether the
market goes up after hitting the SL or it does not hit the SL and
goes straight up, I have nothing to do with that
and I know how that happens because
I know all types of market orders,
when I have to plan in such a way that I have to
keep both the target and SL, then
I used bracket order there.
When I feel that the market can
give a big momentum today.  So I
just set my SL there.  The target has already been abandoned.
So in this way all the
basic aspects should be clear to you.  There are many
small things.  But these small
things improve your day trading experience.
And since this is a course, it is
my responsibility to emphasize everything or explain everything to you by pointing it out.
And that is what I am
doing.  Now if your mindset is prepared.
You know the skill scene, this
scene, this scene, this scene.  Now from here you are ready for the
strategy.  Now a question must have come to your mind
that friend, I keep
saying that if you want to
start trading, if you want to learn it, then you will have to
learn technical analysis.  In that you will have to
learn support resistance.  You
have to learn candlesticks, trend lines
, fake breakouts, real breakouts,
EBD zones, bl bl bl there are so many things.
But I am saying that we
can go straight to the strategy now.  You will understand that thing
in the third chapter which is about The
Mindset.  Now let us go straight
to the strategy part.  Now if we talk about strategy, I will
share three strategies with you.
These three strategies are a
complete strategy in themselves.  Now
keep this in mind that if you mix three dishes
together, it will become garbage.  These
three are separate dishes in themselves.
What do you like?  You pick it up and eat it.
Consume it.  It's that.  Don't do all three.
What do you like?
What is your favourite?  It totally depends on you.
If I talk about the first strategy,
it is support resistance and
candlestick.  Now first of all let us understand
what is the concept of support and resistance?
Support and resistance is a technical term.
Ok?  Keep this in mind.  Support
and resistance is a technical term.
Demand and supply is the thing that
moves the price upwards and
downwards.  Many people are also
confused that demand, supply,
support and resistance are the same thing.  They
mark both of them as same.  They will
mark the same zone and they think
that this is the demand zone, this is the supply zone.
This is support, this is resistance.  If
you are confused, I was also confused.  There
is nothing new.  I also had it.  Everyone comes and
learns this.  When we give you 90 years of time, you will automatically
see everything in the chart and your mind will open up automatically.
Ok?  So the point is that we call those
levels which we see in the chart as support resistance.
But demand and supply
actually move the price from those levels.
So, suppose the
price has reached a particular area and
after reaching that particular area, if there is
demand then the price will go up from there.
Similarly, if the price has reached a resistance
and supply comes from near the resistance, the
price will move down from there.
Correct?  So support resistance chart
levels are done.  Demand and supply actually
move the price.  Now how will you
know whether there will be demand in this particular zone or not.
Supply will come to this particular zone.
So, demand and supply can actually be
known by looking at the previous charts to see
how the price has been moving from here last time.
If last time the price had gone up from here after
giving a good rally from a particular zone.
This means that there was
demand at a good level there.  There was good demand.
People bought, market orders were placed
and due to aggressive buying the price
went up.  So when the price
is coming back to retest the same place, then at
first glance the chances are very high that those who had
bought earlier at the higher level will book their profits.  The
same aggressive bearers
try to kick back in.  And if the
sellers become even slightly aggressive, the
price shoots back up from there.  This
is a basic principle of support.  And
if we reverse this,
if the price has fallen continuously from a particular area, it has
fallen with a good amount of momentum, then
if the price goes back to the same place, then the
chances of the price falling again from there are
very high.  Now let me explain this to you
with another relatable example, so that there will be
complete clarity in your mind.
By the way, do not buy or sell Tata Motors shares after hearing my name.  I am
telling this just for example.  Tata Motors
share was around ₹1100.  Many
people might have bought Tata Motors shares at ₹1100.
If you have also said bye then
tell me by commenting but you must have said bye in short.
Now from there the price has started
falling down.  How much
aggression must be going on inside them right now
that God please let it reach ₹100 once.
Please come to ₹100 once.  I will sell it and
leave.  Why?  Because
if a person had invested ₹50 lakh at the rate of ₹1100, then
today only ₹2530 lakh would be visible out of his ₹1 lakh.  That
means its stock
or its total value has now
come down to around 50% to around 45%.
So as soon as the price goes back to around ₹1100, the
first thing that a person will do is he is
an aggressive, panicky seller
or he is new and does not have much exposure in the market.  The
first thing he will do is either
sell all the goods and leave.  Or
he will sell it for at least half the price because with great
difficulty the price has come back to around Rs 25 lakh to Rs 50
lakh.  So what will happen?  Either
he will sell some of the goods or he will sell the entire goods.  If he
sells the entire amount, the price
will fall rapidly and even if he sells a little, the price will
fall a little.  So
when we are doing intraday trading,
we do not need very long targets, that is,
we will take only 1:10 today.
Sometimes we have to settle even at 1:2.
Similarly, if the price comes near a support, it
reacts in this manner.  When it
comes near resistance, trade in this manner.
The example I just
told you of Tata Motors
can be a good example of resistance
that when the price comes back to ₹1100,
you will see a double top forming and the price falling down.
Now on the other
hand there will be many stocks that have gone up.  For example,
Tata Motors might have been
missed by many people by ₹200
in 2020.  Now if Tata Mot comes back to ₹200
then how many people like you will rush for
that share whether it has come to ₹200 or not, come on
people I know that they might sell and invest
their money, who knows they might
already have a lot of assets in gold and all, it can be
correct, so in this way
what is 200, 200 is the support number, now
when demand comes at the support number, the price will go up, so
this was a basic example for you to
understand how support and resistance work,
when demand comes, supply
comes, then why does it come,
what is the price psychology behind it, this price
psychology is completely different from trading psychology.
Price psychology is basically
understanding why something is
happening there.  If the price moves, why will it
?  What consequences could there be?
Now you know.  Now after that the support
resistance got cleared.  Then comes the matter of
candle sticks.  So for full
learning of candlestick, you can watch this video.
An updated version of Candle Stick will also be
coming to you very soon.  And honestly I am telling you
candlestick.  It has been
many years since I started using it.  But the last
video I made was
like a complete encyclopedia in itself.  Now the candlestick
video that will come will be next level.  Because now
I have observed such things which no
one ever talks about.
So we talk a lot about cattle patterns
that this pattern has been formed, that pattern has been
formed.  This Morning Star Evening Star, by doing this
he made two-four lines and
gave them any name.  But in depth knowledge, you will
enjoy
seeing some technical terms.  What does the Now Candlestick in Reality
tell you?  Candlestick tells you
about buying and selling behavior.
So now think about it, if you
see aggressive buying near a support zone,
then why would you not buy there
because you wanted to know a level from
where the price can go up.
You understood by looking at the support and you
got confirmation from the candlestick.  And that's it.
If the market has to go in your favor,
it will move in that simple way.
And if you want to hit SL, then even if you
make a chart like NASA,
it will still hit your SL.  That is how
support resistance and basic
candlestick strategy works.  And
many of my students are working on this
and they are profitable and doing very
well.  So I am sharing on that before also.
Now the second strategy is the
830 strategy.  I have also
made a dedicated video on Now 830.  You
can go and see.  Its updated version is also coming
very soon.  In this also
I have observed some new things which
can further improve you.  But in the short 830
strategy we use two EMS.
One is 8 and the second is 30.  Why does the Now 830
strategy work?  Someone
even did back testing of this.  I
saw a video on Instagram in which its
accuracy came out to be 54% and that too with a
risk to reward ratio of 1:2.  So this means that
technically this strategy is profitable.
Now we can make it even better by doing some improvisation in it.
And secondly, 830
strategy works totally when the market is
on momentum or is volatile in short.
Any strategy if EMA based.
As soon as the market goes a little sideways,
crossovers will occur repeatedly
and the chances of your SL getting hit increase.
But whenever the market is trending, it will become
volatile and will give big moves.
There these types of strategies will
give you amazing results.  You will be shocked to see
that your existing knowledge of
rocket science is not working.
And the basic C EMA crossover strategy is working.
And that is how 8:30 works
which we can use if we are day
trading.  Okay, let's
shed more light on this strategy and understand it
carefully as to exactly how to
apply it to the chart and how to use it.
So now to use it
you have to go to the indicator section.  Here you have to
type EMA which means
Moving Average Exponential.  If you
click on it twice, the moving x
moving average will be added twice.  Now
after adding an EMA, you go and
add its value.  I did it in green color in style.
And then
clicked on OK.  And the second one which is EMA,
I keep it in red color so that there is a
clear indication as a beginner.  Meaning I don't
use the same color but if you are at a
beginner stage or you are a little
easier to understand than green and red color because
green is generally known for buying
and red is known for selling.  Now the
principle of using it is very simple.
Now I am telling you something simple.   I
will tell you the advanced strategy sometime later.  And it
works well.  But the simple strategy is
that when we place the order at 830, then
whenever we get a crossover,
if the dominance candle has
given a breakout on the crossover, we enter there
and whatever the previous swing is, we
keep our stop loss below the previous swing.  If we
talk about its risk reward at this particular time, the time
frame is 5 minutes.  So here it does
not take us completely.  Let's
see from here, it has given us
1:1.38, that is, if you invest ₹100, then in
return of ₹100 you will get around ₹138.
Now in this strategy, the risk to
reward that you expect is 1:2. If there is
very good momentum in the market, then
you will get 1:3.  This strategy is good for Else 1 and 1:2.
If we talk about short, then
similarly EMA will cross over in this manner.
Red is on top and green
is on the bottom.  There we have to plan the trade towards short.
If we look at this particular time,
after the crossover, our entry would have been made somewhere here and the stop loss would have been here.
And as I
said earlier, if there is a trending move in the market
, if the market moves following a single-sided trend, then
in that case
we get huge risk rewards.  For example,
if we look at this case, here the
market has given it to us approximately.  I am
not doing the full calculations even here.
Because no one can take it all the way here.
If you calculate till here,
you can be happy to see that hey friend, you
got a reward of 1:6.  But actually, even if
you assume this, you still get 1:4.
I am saying that even if we get 1:3, it is
very good.  So this is how it works.
It works very well.  The
strategy is very simple and easy to understand and
apply on the charts.  And
if you stick to one strategy and
work on it then it will work.  Don't just
believe what I say.
Try backtesting yourself.  To do research.  If you
feel that no, then yes you are able to
use it well.  You are getting the point.
You can use it.  If you don't think so then there are
other things.  Now if we talk about the third strategy,
it is very simple where we
see two confusion candles.  Now the
Confusion candle looks something like this.  People
also call it spinning top and doji.
In short I call it Confusion Candle.
Confusion means the market is
neither going up nor going down.   It is
in the middle.  So that means there is indecisiveness.
So, that means they are totally confused whether the price should be taken
up or down.
That means aggressive buyers and
sellers.  So right now if we see two candles together, red confusion
candle and green confusion candle or green
confusion candle and red confusion candle.
We have to mark its high
, mark its low and
then wait for the price to
give us a breakout.  Either it gives a
breakout on the upside or it
gives a breakout on the downside.  If the SL is getting hit
immediately then do not sit in the hope that
maybe it will make profit, it will make profit
, it will make profit.  SS is hit, come
out with SL.  Now these are the three basic
strategies.  Apart from this, there are some more advanced
strategies also.  It will take me a lot of time to
explain it because it is a bit
complicated.  But in short, these
three basic strategies also work.  And many
of my students use and on his basis they are
good.  They know some advance also.  But this also happens when
we start the class and that too at a very
basic level.  There are no classes now.   Don't send
any messages to classmates right now.
Because there is a class, there is a course, there is nothing.
But when it was there earlier, it was there, so
basically we start like this.  So this
thing works.  And you try it and
see.  And again I always say everything in India is like a
watch soap.  Use it first,
then believe it.  Don't trust anyone.
Everything here is a lie.  Let's accept this.
Nothing is profitable here.  You should
keep this in mind.  Therefore you should believe in yourself.
Listen to the person in front of you.  Apply yourself.  If it is working then it is
great.  Follow him.  Appreciate him.  It is
not working.  Say your thing
is not working.  Say it and get out.   The
other is that simple.  Now the
most important topic remains.  That is, how to manage risk
management, mindset and personal finance to
become a day trader and approach day trading.
We will see that in the next part.
If you liked this part and understood it, then let
me know.  If I
see a good response then I will make
part two.  Even if the response is not good,
I will still make part two.  Because I am an
educator.  My job is to teach you.  And that's
my passion.  So I do it.  All the best.
Om
