Hello members, welcome to another video.
 
Now, in this video, I'm going to show
you guys how you can trade the one
candlestick strategy on the 4-hour
chart.
But before we go there, I have so many
questions that you guys have been asking
me in the comment section. And so, I
have been getting requests to do a
4-hour one candlestick strategy video
with entry techniques based on the
candles. Now, in this video, I'm going
to show you the best candles that you
can use to mark on the higher time
frame, which is going to be the 4-hour
chart, and then get your entries on the
5-minute chart or the 15-minute chart to
get better results. Right? So, if that
is something that you like and you've
been waiting for this video, show some
support, give the video a like, and
subscribe to the channel if you're new
here. Also, guys, before we go forward,
if you're looking for the best broker
that you can use for trading and get
very good spreads with low commissions,
you can also check the link in the
description and start trading with HFM.
Remember that when you sign up using my
link, when I start the copy trading, you
will also be on that list for copy
trading. So, take advantage of that and
get yourself enrolled on there. All
right, so guys, let's go on to the
screen and let's get started. All right,
guys, so we are here on the screen, and
what I'm going to show you guys is first
the basics of trading the one
candlestick strategy on any time frame,
but here video, we're going to be
concentrating on the 4-hour chart. Most
of you guys have been requesting the
4-hour chart video. So, this video, I
just want to give you a breakdown of how
you can trade the one candlestick
strategy effectively. Some of you are
new to the channel, so you don't know
candlestick strategy. So, I want to just
give you guys a run-through of how you
trade a one candlestick strategy and
some of the things you need to look out
for before you start to trade this
strategy effectively, right? So, here I
have done some illustrations for a
bullish run, and then this is for a
bearish run, right? Or bearish setup.
Now, here, what you want to do when
you're trading the one candlestick
strategy is you want to trade in the
direction of the current momentum based
on general market psychology, all right?
So, here you're looking at a candle, for
example, this is bullish and it's moving
up, all right? So, you're thinking like
the general market is thinking that the
next candle is also going to go bullish.
So, you want to trade in the direction
of the next candle being bullish, right?
Now, before you enter trades, you don't
want to enter trades immediately this
candle closes up here, right? Because
that area there can be manipulated. Most
of the candles produce a wick below
before they push further to that
direction. So, you want to keep that in
mind that the big players always
liquidate people down here, not
intentionally, but they always drive
price in the direction of liquidity
first before continuing in that current
direction that the momentum of the
previous candle is showing, right? So,
how do you trade this? The one
candlestick strategy simply allows you
to trade within this wick here of the
next candle. So, you want to trade from
that candle's close on top to that
candle's low at the bottom. That is for
a bullish setup. You always trade from
that candle's close to the candle's low.
That is if it is a bullish market. This
is what we are trading. We're trading
within that zone right there. You don't
trade above or below that zone. If the
market goes and breaks below this zone,
then we'll be looking for reversal
setups, right? Now, for a bearish
market, you do the reverse, basically.
You're trading between this bearish
candle's high and that bearish candle's
close. So, you're trading something like
this to its close. So, you are trading
that next candle's wick. You want to
look for entries within this next
candle's wick. How do you go about
finding the direction? Because this
strategy is based on the direction of
the market, the current direction of the
market. So, most of the traders, I tell
them to use the 20-period moving average
because it is the easiest for you to be
able to gauge direction. The 20-period
moving average measures the average of
20 candles on that specific time frame.
So, for me, since this strategy was
developed based on the daily time frame,
I use 20-period moving average because
there are 20 trading days in a month.
That is if you're looking at Forex and
not crypto. So, I use a 20-period moving
average because of that. But you can use
any other moving average. However, I
have tried different moving average
settings like a 50, a 200, a 9-period
moving average, a 14, but I've seen that
the 20 sits at that sweet spot that
allows you to get the trend of the
market on all time frames, right? So,
you need to see that the candles are
above the 20-period moving average as an
added confirmation before you start
marking these candles right here. The
other thing is when you see a red candle
like this, because this will form in the
market. It's not always going to form
only green candles in a straight line
going up. Sometimes the market will
create a red candle like this within an
uptrend. So, most of you have asked me,
do we mark this red candle? Don't mark
this candles. Keep this candle and mark
only the green candles as long as price
is above the 20-period moving average or
as long as it is creating a market
structure to the upside. So, what you're
going to do here on a lower time frame,
which is going to be like a 5-minute
chart, is that this candle here, you
want to wait for the market to pull back
down like that. That wick there is this
pullback here. This pullback is what
you're waiting for on a 5-minute chart.
Then you look for entries for you to
continue to trade that trade or take
that candle momentum going up by you
taking that trade like, for example,
here, and then you look for 1:2 or 1:3
like that, okay? So, this is how you
look for the setup. This is, in a
nutshell, the one candlestick strategy.
Now, the reverse setup is true for a
bearish market. If you're going to trade
like a bearish setup, the reverse is
true, all right? So, what you're going
to do is you're just going to do the
same but in reverse. You're going to
look for your entries based on this area
here. Just wait for the market, for
example, to pull back inside here within
that tradeable zone creating that wick,
and then you look for a setup to go down
and continue with that current candle's
momentum, all right? By you getting a
trade like here, and then you have your
stop loss hopefully around there, and
then you take your take profit like a
1:2, okay? Some people like to take a
1:3, 1:4, but a 1:2 is sufficient to
make you a profitable trader. Before we
go any further, if you're looking for a
very good broker, you can get started
with HFM. It's a broker that I am using
right now. They have a cent account,
they have a zero spread account, a pro
account, a premium account, and a pro
plus account. You can use the link in
the description to sign up with HFM
today, and when I launch copy trading,
you will be able to be a part of that,
okay? So, you can see they have MT4,
MT5. They have all those trading
accounts I've shown you guys. Deposits
and withdrawals are really, really fast,
guys. And you can get up to 100%
deposit bonus when you get started
today. So, use the link in the
description, sign up with HFM today, and
get started on your trading journey.
Let's go back to the charts. So, here,
what I want to show you now is I want to
show you the best candles to use when
you're trading this strategy so that it
is going to make more sense for you.
When you're looking for these setups,
you're just going to find it much easier
for you to trade the one candlestick
strategy. Now, this video won't be a bar
replay video. Just want to show you the
best candles to find these setups that I
have just shown you for the one
candlestick strategy. So, the first
setup that I want to show you that you
really need to be looking for if you
want to get high-quality trades is you
want to look for the CRT model to form.
The CRT model simply means that the
previous candles
were making a downtrend like this, and
the most recent candle that closed this
one was a bearish candle, but the
bullish candle that closes next after
that bearish candle creates a wick or a
low that is lower than the previous
bearish candle's low,
but it closes bullish. So, something
like this. If you see something like
this in the market, that is going to
give you a very, very high-probability
trade. So, when you see something like
this, this bullish candle creating a low
that breaks this candle's low, but
closes bullish, you know that this is a
high-probability setup. So, what you do
there is you'll mark that candle's close
and mark that candle's low at the bottom
here. This is on the 4-hour chart, and
then you can just put your tradeable
zone right here in the middle, and then
you go down to the 5-minute chart, and
then you look for entries when the
market gives us a small pullback on the
next candle within this zone, and then
you can trade a continuation up. This
setup here will give you
high-probability
trades, okay? To give you
high-probability trades. Now, if you
combine this one here, if you combine
this one here with the next one I'm
going to show you, it will really make a
very, very good sense, okay? So, for
this now here, you look at this, you
find that there is the CRT model that
formed down here, okay? Something like
that that we just looked at, and then
the market reversed here. Let's assume
did go up. Now, the next setup I want
you to look at is this setup here. It's
called the inside bar setup, okay? It's
a very, very high probability
continuation uh setup to go bullish,
right? So, if you see a bullish candle
closing, then in the middle there's a
bearish candle, and then after the
bearish candle, a bullish candle closes.
This will give you a very high
probability setup when you trade the one
chart. You can also use this on a daily
chart, but today we're just
concentrating on the 4-hour chart. So,
you can see it will do something like
this, and then you can be able to get
your entries here. This setup has a
very, very high probability of
happening, all right? So, you'll see
something like that for you to trade.
So, look at these two setups here, these
two candle formations, and they will
give you very, very good probability
setups. Like this one's the inside bar,
and then this previous one is the CRT
model. Now, the reverse is true for the
bearish market. If you see the inside
bar formation like this, it will give
you a high probability setup. Coupled
with the CRT model, you'll get excellent
setups. So, for example here, we had
this CRT model form, whereby the bull
the bearish candle broke the bullish
candle's high, but closed bearish. So,
you would have actually taken a trade
marking that candle's high, and marking
that candle's close at the bottom like
this, and then that area in between is
where you would get your setups to trade
that next 4-hour candle down on the
5-minute chart. So, on the 5-minute
chart, you would just be trading this
next candle to get your profit. Now,
what happens next is that you will see
that this bearish candle closes, and
then there's a bullish candle that
closes, and then followed by a bearish
candle. So, this forms the inside bar
candle setup that we looked at here, and
that also gives a high probability
setup. So, you'd mark that candle, and
then trade it on a lower time frame by
you marking it like this, and then you
go on the 5-minute chart, and then you
look for your entries on the 5-minute
chart. So, it would look something like
this, put your zone here, and then you
would look for your entries on the
5-minute chart. Just wait for the market
to pull back inside here, and then you
trade that continuation going down. So,
guys, those are the candlestick
formations that give you the highest
probability setups for you to trade the
one candlestick strategy. I hope this is
going to give you a very, very good
ability to find these setups much
easily. So, let me just go on a live
chart, and let me look for these setups
here, and show you where you could have
gotten these entries. I'll just show you
those candle formations on the 4-hour
chart so that you can see that uh those
uh formations actually work very well,
right? So, the first one we can see here
multiple times. You can see here there
was a CRT that formed here. Can see
there was the market going down here.
The last candle was bearish, but this
bullish candle's low closed above that
candle's low. You can see here. Let me
zoom in that area so that you guys can
be able to see clearly. So, we had this
CRT forming here. This bullish candle
closed above, but its weak at the bottom
closed below this candle's low. Actually
broke below that candle's low. So, this
forms a CRT model. So, here, what you
would do is you would just simply mark
you'd simply mark this candle's low
right here. Mark this candle's low, and
mark that candle's close up here like
this, okay? And then the area in between
is your tradeable zone. I want you guys
to see how easy it is to find these
setups, right? But remember, as you're
watching this, don't take this as
financial advice, guys. I'm just simply
showing you what works for me, and I
believe it has worked for many other
people who have given me their
testimonials here on the channel. So,
this is your tradeable zone on the
4-hour chart, and then on the 5-minute
chart, all you're looking for is a trade
inside of this area right here. You can
see that that candle actually produced a
week. If we remove this, it produced a
week. So, you'd get in at this week on
the 5-minute chart to trade a
continuation going up, as you can see.
This setup happened here. It also
happened here, just here. You can see
that we had also a CRT model forming
here. So, we would actually mark or draw
a zone within that area like this, that
candle's uh close and that candle's low,
and then we would trade that next
candle's week, as you can see that that
candle produced a week here, which would
get entries on the 5-minute chart
continue up. Let's look for a scenario
for a bearish market. But before we look
for that scenario for a bearish market,
I wanted to just show you the inside bar
formation. You can see here this market
is going up. We know it's an uptrending
market at this point, and then we see a
bullish candle close, and then a bearish
candle closes between two bullish
candles here. This is a high probability
setup for us to find an entry for this
next candle. So, we would draw at that
candle's close, and then we would draw
at that candle's low, something like
this. And then that space in between
those two lines is where we would get
our entry on the 5-minute chart within
this area right here. So, we would get
our setups within that area. You can see
this week here would be your entries
within the 5-minute chart. So, you can
see that that setup actually does work.
Let's look for an example for a bearish
market, okay? So, that we can be able to
see how this works. So, for a bearish
market, you can see here we get a setup
where we find that that candle breaks
that candle's high, okay? And so, we can
now mark that candle's high, which broke
that candle's high, and then we mark its
close. And then we will trade this space
in between that area there, okay? So,
you can see that that candle that next
candle has a week on top. So, our
entries will be on the 5-minute chart
within this area here to trade
downwards, right? You can see that these
setups here are actually very good, and
they work very well. You can see it
happens also here. If you can find those
candles that do this, those are high
probability setups. You can see here. It
also does the same thing. So, we would
mark that candle's high, and that
candle's close something like this, and
then we would get setups within that
tradeable zone. You can see how many
weeks spiked into this area before the
market sold off. So, there are so many
examples I can show you, but guys, you
can also go and do your due diligence,
and start looking for these setups
yourself. Now, when we look at this
right here, it also happened right here,
but I want to bring your attention to
the inside bar candle. Can see here that
this bullish candle closes between two
bearish candles, and then the market
goes down. However, there's this big
spike right here. But in this downtrend,
if you see a green candle like this
bullish candle closing between two
bearish candles, you mark that bearish
candle, and the setup will be a high
probability setup. So, guys, I don't
want to make this video way too long. If
you found value, give a like on the
video, subscribe to the channel, and
also give me your comments down below,
guys. I would really like to see your
thoughts in the comment section. So,
give me your thoughts, comment down
below, share this video as much as you
can, and guys, let me see you guys in
the next video. Thank you for watching.
Until next time. Peace and out.
