I'm Tory Trades and I've been trading
 
trend lines for 10 years now. In this
video, I'm going to break down how to
draw and trade trend lines in under
three minutes.
So, first of all, what is a trend line?
A trend line is a line drawn on a chart
that shows the overall direction of
price movement over time. So, how do we
find these trend lines? We're going to
start with a top down analysis. We're
going to draw our trend lines in the
monthly time frame. Upward trend lines,
we're looking for the lowest point we
see on the screen, capturing these
higher lows. All right, so we've drawn
all of the trend lines that we can on
the monthly time frame. We're going to
move to the weekly time frame now.
Making sure that your previous point B's
or your new point A's when drawing your
steeper trend lines. Making sure that
price has not intersected any of your
trend lines. Okay, so that's all we can
do on the weekly time frame. Now we're
going to move to the daily time frame.
Okay, we're in the daily time frame now.
We're going to draw our last trend line
that we can here in the daily and then
we're going to continue to move down
time frames. So we'll continue to rinse
and repeat moving down time frames until
you've made it to your designated time
frame.
[Music]
So the 4hour time frame is where I'm
going to stay. This is where I will
enter and exit all of my trades. How do
we find the trade? How do we place the
trade? After we have done our top down
analysis and we have drawn all of our
lines, bullish and bearish. Price hasn't
intersected yet. We wait for price to
break one of these two trend lines.
Okay, we just got a break of our
downward trend line. This is signifying
an entry here. This is a downward trend
line. So that signifies long positions.
We're anticipating that the price is
going to reverse. we're going to get a
reversal in the opposite direction. Our
stop loss or our risk goes on the other
side of this opposing trend line. So, if
the price comes down and breaks this
upward trend line, we are taking a
$6,000 loss here. Now, this is also
depending on your capital, how much
position sizing you are trading and the
instrument that you're trading. It could
be much less, could be much more. If the
price comes down and breaks this upward
trend line, I'm willing to lose $6,000.
As price is progressing in our favor, we
want to now move this stop or trail it
to break even. We don't want to see all
$6,000 disappear and now move back to
this $6,000 loss. We will take this stop
loss and simply drag it to now break
even. Now, worst case scenario in this
trade is we close out with $0. Now that
price has moved significantly in our
favor and we have trailed our stop to
break even, we can now trail our stop
into profit. So, the worst case scenario
is if price breaks this opposing trend
line, we close this trade with a profit.
Now, we're going to simply take that
stop loss and drag it here. Now, if the
price turns around and breaks this
opposing trend line, we're out of this
trade. And there we go. We're able to
capitalize on $4,600. So, there you have
it. This is your guide to trading trend
lines. There is a lot more to it, and it
does take a lot of time to master, but
anyone can learn how to trade trend
lines effectively. So, if you're looking
for more support and more education with
like-minded traders, join my community
in the link below. Or if you'd rather
take a look at my YouTube channel, there
are a ton of videos on there that can
really help. Thanks for watching guys.
