I've been building this strategy using
 
Claude Opus for the last little while.
And this is my little training engine
that Claude that I hand off to Claude.
It has access to it so it could run back
tests for me overnight. And if you
haven't seen those videos, go back and
take a look. I show you guys how to
build a dashboard like this, how to run
back tests like this. And it's just so
much better than Trading View because
with Trading View, you really just get,
you know, one back test. You get to run
the candlesticks. That's those are the
ones you get. You don't get to download
or modify them or run more extensive
stress tests like Monte Carlos
simulations, randomizing the
candlesticks, breaking up the price
patterns and price structures to make
sure that you know your trading bot is
flexible enough to respond in real time
to many different market simulations,
not just the one version of history. So,
if you like this kind of content, I want
to show you guys this the strategy here
in this video and how I improved it. I
did several versions overnight that
progressively got better. And I if you
do like this kind of content, you want
to see, you know, the real deal and
somebody who hands it to you as it is
and shows you guys the whole internal
process, drop us a like on the video and
subscribe to the channel. I also will
answer any comments that you comment
down below for the first little bit.
I'll try to respond to as many comments
as I can. So, Cloud Code here, I have my
Visual Studio Code open and it ran all
night. So it ran for around 8 n 10 hours
straight and I had just told it to you
know try to beat the previous best
strategy and then to go over there and
you know compare the results and to see
you know what what we get and one of the
interesting things was I wanted to see
if it was able to perform on Salanacoin
but also Bitcoin, Ethereum as well other
coins to see if they could perform and
yeah it it does. So this is the out of
sample data that performs pretty stably
in uh this new candlestick data that I
didn't show the engine originally and
claw did not have access to this
information. So it didn't know to pick
based off this data. It was picking
based off the training data which is
this data here. I'm going to change the
chart. So that's the training data that
it was operating off. This is the
baseline. So sharp ratio was 0.59 in the
training data. And so Claude, what it
knew was that it had to
try and beat that. So it'll keep this
stack, but it might add new trading
rules. So this was the second version
here. There's a lot of different exit
rules configured here. And right away,
you can see the sharp came up to 1.02.
Very, very good. Win rate is 60%. Let's
go back here. 43% and then 58%.
And I just want to show you this real
quick. So the draw down came down to 21%
but there's one that's even better than
this. It found you know 15% draw down
with a 64% win rate and a 1.31%
sharp ratio. Look at this 10.74
sortino ratio in here. So this is in
sample data. It's really good to have to
compare this to some of some out of
sample data like testing data here that
I've withheld. So certino ratio is less
but that's a pretty good curve. Let's
compare this to some of the other
versions cuz that's that's the important
thing. Look at this curve here on this
testing data. This is the intermediate
strategy. 60% win rate and that's a
really good curve there for this testing
data. And I just want to compare this to
the original. Look how much improved
that that is. 43% win rate with a sharp
of 0.57 and then 0.62 and then here.
Yeah, it comes back down. So this
intermediate one a little bit better on
the out of sample data. And that's
that's generally how I'll operate it.
And then Claude will give a stability
score across the bootstrap percentages.
It didn't run bootstraps here, but this
would be the next step. So I'll put
these like all of these versions into uh
bootstrap simulations to see how stable
they are. So what that means is I'll
take just we'll just go back to the
training data here and that's going to
be our baseline, right? Sharp is 1.31.
Now, if we randomize the candlesticks,
the most important thing that I'm that
I'm telling Claude to to do here, so I
would just type in here, it has access
to my engine. So, I would just ask it to
run a new simulation, turn on the
bootstrapping or the Monte Carlo
simulations, and run a couple thousand
simulations with each of these
strategies to see which one performs the
the most stable so that we can knock out
the version because these rules might
just be overfit. So, we want to we want
to rule out rules and parameters that
are overfit. So that's that's kind of
the next stage here. So we have a bunch
of candidate strategies here. And also
it ran these on Bitcoin and Ethereum
here. This is the Ethereum chart. And
look at that look at that curve there.
Sharp is.1
ratio is 23.7. So we're assuming this
this is probably susceptible to
overfitting. So what we would do is we
would run this on Ethereum, go back to
our cloud, tell it, hey, like take this
stack uh of trading rules and see if it
can survive and how long it survives in
random simulations. So we'll we'll
download the price data, which is really
just this is the Salana chart. It
downloads all of this and then it just
randomizes it up, jumbles and randomizes
the candlesticks, which gives us a
really good sample of, you know, random
random price patterns. That's what you
want to to to know. You want to know is
your bot flexible enough to to respond
in real time. And if you don't do this,
now I I I want to be firm here. There
are a lot of people, and this is a shout
out to the Discord. There are people who
are, you know, putting money into these
bots and they're not doing this. And
it's 100% overfit, right? It might work
on your bot might work on a subset of
the data. Like if your back test, for
example, if we if we open up the back
testing panel here, uh we go down to a
different time frame here. Your back
test might work on some of the data, but
then you you zoom forward. You know,
maybe you just okay, it works on the
last 30 days, but does it work on the
last 90 days? And what about the entire
history? Uh if it's if it stops
performing at a certain point, you got
to wonder, well, your strategy is
definitely not generalized. And how do
you know that the future data is going
to correspond to just the little random
slice that you took, right? So, I would
heavily caution anyone who's just
yoloing in, right? I I take a more
rigorous statistics-based approach with
this. You you want your strategy to be
open and flexible. And sometimes that
means having in a in a certain par uh in
a certain indicator. It might mean
having less options for your indicator
like less parameters to tune. Uh so it's
more broad or generalized so that you
have to tune less parameters which also
makes it easier to like configure and
back test cuz you're not doing trillions
of simulations. cuz you might only have
to do 100,000 or something like that,
which is very doable on a on a good CPU.
So, that that's a little bit of uh
advice off the shelf for anyone who's
trying to do this. Uh when you're
looking at parameter sets, you know,
like yes, we can optimize them. Yes,
these are, you know, ideal parameter
combinations. And I can also stack these
are two parameter sets that it found. It
could have like 18 of these. It could
have 18 different options. And we could
weigh each of those options. And some of
these options might be more stable in
bootstrapping than others, right? And
some of them because if the parameter is
set really low, like close to one,
perhaps maybe that just means it's going
with the flow, going with the
candlesticks, but it's not really
predicting. It doesn't have any
predictive power. So keep that in in
mind as well when going through here. So
yeah, the again the way that I that the
way that I would start is use vectorbt.
It's a pre-loaded library. You can use
ta lib. That's another library for uh
using indicators. And a criticism,
something I see a lot of people saying
is that the market's rigged. If you
trade with trading bots, you're just
throwing your money away. Well, you can
back test on rigged data. And if as long
as you bake in whatever actual market
conditions you have, right? Like right
here, you might see some liquidations in
this Salana chart. And yeah, like right
right here, there's some liquidations.
the market's being manipulated. But if
you're training on that, then you're
training to handle that market
manipulation, which should be really
good, right? If you think about it that
way, it's kind of makes sense that as
long as your strategy is yeah, as
generalized as as possible, as flexible
as it can be, and when you do so, you're
not going to hit the perfect peaks and
the perfect bottoms on every single
trade that your bot does, but generally
it's going to not cave in and burn
itself out on like some choppy movement
or like one liquidation, for example.
Like there are these anomalies that
happen. Look at this like really big
candle here that would wick out any bot
and gather its liquidity, right? So your
bot can serve either as fodder for
bigger bots, you know, big trading
firms, or you know, your bot can just
kind of take a piece of the pie. The,
you know, the market will move, and as
long as your bots's listening to it and
able to go to sleep when it has to and
wake up when there's really important
trading happening, then you might you
might be on to something. So the goal
the goal is not to always just get the
highest sharp ratio which that that is
one of my goals. I want to have the
lowest draw down so I can feel safe and
I have the highest sharp ratio so I know
that I have the best risk risk is this
sharp ratio is a volatility adjusted
risk to reward. So for anyone who knows
anything about uh risktore reward ratios
adjusting for volume just makes it a
little bit more stable. So when you're
looking at many simulations it's it's
more like it's more generalized of a
number. So that's why I look at sharp.
Uh STO is important too, but uh that's
the one I look at. I I know that super
high win rate, like 64% win rate looks
cool, but it depends, right? It depends
on what the risk is and what the reward
is because maybe you're only gaining a
little bit. So that's that's what I
would say on that. So win rate
intrinsically does not matter. It it
dependently matters if you you know have
a good risk risk-to-reward ratio which
why would why would you optimize for win
rate when you know your engine can
optimize for any number right you could
tell it to get the best net profit but
that could be at the expense of really
high draw down and you don't want that
right you want to probably maximize
sharp ratio or minimize draw down is
what I usually focus on and what I would
recommend focusing on because as a
result of that a byproduct is that
you'll have higher net profit and you
know when you're putting real money in
you'll feel safer. You know, if you have
if you're a larger trail trader or you
know, a whale, then yeah, like you want
to minimize your draw down. You don't
want to you want to park your bot and
you you want to trust it. So, it's a
trust building exercise with your bot.
So, rolling out a bot might look
something like this. So, I'll design
just the base configuration. And then I
I'll start adding really good exit rules
from here. So if this is just the the
default and I like this and I'll have
maybe you know clawed overnight can do
like 20 25 of these or if you have a
better CPU maybe you could do 50 to 100
completely different strategies
overnight and it'll put them through
stress tests. It'll tell you which one
of these holds up more in Monte Carlo
simulations and has like a fair
baseline. So ultimately if you're
selecting for uh Monte Carlo stability
with the highest Monte Carlo sharp ratio
and highest uh highest bootstrap
stability then you know in real time
your bot has a has a better chance at
winning because you know in the worst 5%
simulations that you have it might not
perform but you know you have a 95%
chance of not ending up in that
situation but uh the worst of the worst
might not be you want to like raise the
floor basically of how bad your bot
could perform cuz if the market just has
like really clear data. If I zoom out
here on the weekly chart, you can see
really clear information here. It's
bullish. If you're trading long here,
you'll win. Period. Right? Same same
back here. If you're long, you're going
to win. And if you're bare, if you're
short here, you're going to win. But the
market isn't always that clear, right?
What if what if there was there's a
whole year here of data where it's not
so clear. And your bot could chew itself
out and lose all the profit it made on
the bull run in this period, which you
don't want that. you probably want your
bot to to know when to go to sleep or
when to when to reduce its trading
activity. So th that's that's some other
good good advice as well. So yeah,
generally you want your uh your claude
to compete uh and run its strategies and
try to try to beat previous strategies.
So I did that overnight and it ran it
ran 25 different strategies and found
this one was one of the better ones. So
that's why I wanted to feature it in
this video and I'll show future ones in
other videos as well and probably put
them up on the signal swap marketplace.
They're really good ones. But rolling
them out is basically something to to
end up on the signal swap marketplace.
It also needs forward testing, meaning
real signals with real profit and
profitable over that time period before
there'll be any subscribers. So,
anything you'll see on Signal Swap
Marketplace, which is right here, I'm a
developer for Signal Swap, and you know,
you could connect your Bybit, Apex, and
Pinex bots here, and you can publish if
if they're doing well, you can publish
them on the marketplace, and these are
just some test bots in the marketplace
right now, but these are real real
signals and real charts for for these.
So, they're also be back testing. So,
stress tests can go here through signal
swap. We have a a back testing system as
well for robustness testing. So if you
have any pine script that you want to
test, you can take it directly from
training view and drop it in here into
the the back testing and then it'll tell
you if it's robust. So it'll run similar
tests to what my cloud does except it's
all it's all done in pint script. So
it's really fast and it's thousands of
times faster than back testing on
trading view. Plus it optimizes it uh
you know with the stress test with the
Monte Carlo simulations. For example,
this EMA doesn't have a chance to be
robust, but yeah, it says it fails. It
fails the robustness test. Tells you how
much it failed and and and why. So then
you could get the full detailed report
here on on the back testing feature. So
you can build your own in Python, but
then you might have to spend a lot of
time tweaking it. But uh if you just are
coming from Training View and you want
to drop it in here, um right now this is
down, but it'll be up very shortly. This
is a brand new signal swap website, so
I'm proud to launch it. I highly
recommend signing up, setting up a bot,
getting some signals. And if you have
good strategies too, you can put them on
the marketplace. If you create a bot and
connect it and it's profitable, then you
can publish it to the marketplace as
well. So that means that you'll be able
to profit and you know, from anyone who
subscribes, you'll get 70% of the
revenue from your trading bot. And of
course, we got to vet to make sure it's
good, but if it is good, then it'll be
up on the marketplace. So that's also
just a little side detour. So, what I
what I'm going to do to get my bots on
the marketplace, this is the full
breakdown and summary, and then I I
guess I'll just leave the video after
the summary here, but I will I'll
generally I'll take an idea, this is the
baseline, and then I'll start adding
exits. I'll start adding, you know, chop
filters so it won't trade in precarious
conditions. You know, when the market's
really choppy, it'll turn off, it'll go
to sleep. I'll start adding things like
that in to see, you know, building
stability improvements. This is the
second version, third version of it. And
then there's different branches it could
take, right? Because I could take out
some of these signals and then add in
others and see how it does. So it'll
kind of form a tree of all the possible
configurations this bot can have on
various coins. And the next thing is
testing on various coins. So does it
perform on Bitcoin like this one? Yeah,
it it performs it looks like in training
data, but in testing uh it might you
might see a little bit of distortion
here. It's still profitable in this out
of sample data, but again like the win
rate's dropping, uh sharp ratio is
dropping. So it kind of tells you, okay,
well maybe maybe Salana is just a little
bit easier for this specific system. So
it doesn't mean not as bad. It just
means maybe it's less broad and
generalized as uh as as I thought. And
then yeah, for here uh Ethereum, we can
look at the the some of the outsampled
data here and it it's still a nice
curve, right? But still the win rates
coming down. Uh even though this one
testing this is out as sample data, but
because of that, you know, you want to
see also bootstrapping simulations how
often it holds up. So once it does that
typically I'll I'll connect it to signal
swap uh using the cratebot feature I'll
I'll connect it here and then if it
starts performing well then uh I might
just increase you know I might have a
paper trading account here through
signal swap or just a really low maybe
like $25 $50 something really small like
$100 and then start start increasing it
once it starts performing once it starts
earning my trust then I'll increase the
equity that that I'm willing to put into
a specific system. So gen generally like
what I have is there's I'm you know
overnight it's claude is building
hundreds of systems. So I have thousands
of different bots and it's just about
configuring and finding out which ones
are robust. That's the idea cuz you know
you don't know which one is robust. It
might look good on trending view with
one snapshot but it's about the
stability scores. Like I said, that's
like the gold standard is bootstrap
stability of of your bot because when
the candlesticks are randomized, you
know, your bot is really going to be
stress tested. And then yeah, out of
sample testing super crucial that you
guys have to be you have to get on that.
That's I'm giving you guys the real the
real secrets for this. This is the this
is the methodology and you know, cloud
can build it all for you. You don't need
to know how to code. If you just have
the time, you know, and you put your
mind to it, then yeah, and this is my
mission. I really believe in this. So I
have a full free community. You can join
on discord and there's some training
bots here already open source community.
People are sharing ideas and you know
tuning and configuring. But again people
in the in the discord I hope you know if
you guys head over to the Python section
you'll find more about uh like trading
bots and and what I'm doing with claude
in in Python um as as well. So this this
is a place to be and you know I'm
generally generally responsive here. So,
if you want to find me or, you know, you
can comment down below. I'll try to
reply. But I'll I'll leave it there for
you guys. I'll hand it off to you now.
So, here's your chance to, you know,
build build what you can show it off in
the in the Discord if you want to post
like, you know, all your gains or
whatever. You can you can post your
profitable bots, what what you guys are
doing. And if it really is profitable,
you can list it on the Signal Swap
marketplace. Um, and you know, you can
make some revenue that way, some extra
extra side cash that way. So, thank you
for watching if you watched this far,
and I hope to have some really
interesting content for you guys coming
up. So, hit that subscribe button as
well.
