I have made $1.6 million in the last
 
four months of trading. And this is what
it looks like. I have in gross profit
$2.5 million and I just took a pretty
big loss. So that's why my gross loss is
about $894,000
and I have about $50,000 in swaps. The
most important thing when it comes to
this exact P&L right here is going to be
this recovery factor because [music] I
have a five recovery factor. So what I
go into draw down I make back very
aggressively and my profit factor is
above a 1 to2. So you guys can tell here
in my profit and loss where I have had a
total of multiple millions of dollars in
profits and losses. But what's really
important is that I have a 70% success
rate with short positions. Meaning that
I am a better seller than a buyer. And
many traders aren't even able to
understand this and the power of this
which leads them to be better at taking
certain trades rather than other ones.
And which symbols make me the most
amount of money. So I trade many
different currencies, but the ones
[music] that tend to make me the most is
going to be these symbols that you see
right here. So I don't tend to typically
rely on indicators, but I have two
indicators that I am going to be sharing
with you in this video. And one of them
you mandatory need to have in your
trading. No questions asked. It's just
simply going to let you read the charts
cleaner. So, let's get right into it.
Now, before we actually get started, I
want to give you guys a little bit of
context behind indicators. For me, an
indicator is a love and a hate
relationship simply because when I go
teach people this inside of my community
or just in general, they take it for
granted. And what the power of it really
is and how much does it actually
determine your trade. And I'm just going
to be fully transparent. My indicators
are simply an added confluence to the
trade that I'm going to be taking. It
does not determine my whole entire
trade. [music] It just lets me know that
the trade is now a bit stronger or a bit
weaker if it is above or below this EMA.
So, just want to give you guys a little
bit of context when [music] you guys go
actually execute this and learn how to
use it. So, my goal in this video is to
teach you how to use these indicators
inside of the trade and the strategy
that you are already using and it can
improve a 15 to 20% to your actual
trade. Without that, you can still take
the trade, but it won't be as strong.
So, this is an added confluence rather
than a whole entire strategy. Let that
be clear. Now, moving on to the actual
trading view, which is where we're going
to be analyzing the markets, and we're
going to be using these indicators in
place. Both of the indicators that I am
going to be using, you've probably seen
over here before at the top left corner.
I'm going to be using the EMA and I'm
going to be using the no gap
candlesticks. So, first I want to start
off with the no gap candlesticks. The no
gap candlesticks is probably the most
potential
it's probably it's probably the most
powerful indicator that the market can
possibly give you because what it does
is it fills the gaps. So, for example,
right here, let me just remove the gaps
in the markets right now. So, as you
guys can see right here, this market,
you can see these gaps right here. You
can see these gaps right here. And you
can see these gaps here, here. It's
pretty much everywhere throughout the
market and lately
spec literally specifically lately with
how difficult the markets have been
moving with all of these.
Excuse my alarm. I got to get ready to
trade. But I'm going to do this video
for you guys here live
in the middle of the news events that is
happening in the world right now. The
markets will tend to open with these
gaps all of the time. And these gaps
throw traders off all of the time
because traders are literally saying,
"Oh, how do I trade these gap fills? Are
they going to fill the gaps? Do I trade?
Do I sell against the trend, fill the
gaps? What do I count for filling these
gaps? And it could mess up a trader. It
could make it seem weird. And these gap
fills happen literally everywhere
throughout the chart. I can go to any
market and there's going to be gaps.
There's going to be imperfections in the
markets. They're literally everywhere.
And without you realizing, it just
throws off your trading a bit because
there, for example, here you could have
had a bullish engulfing candlestick and
you don't have it. here. You could have
had a bearish engulfing candlestick and
you don't have it and it's just a
consistent issue because it's not
showing you the market clearly. There's
always an imperfection in the market and
this can just simply throw off your
trading as a whole. So, what the no gap
candlestick indicator is is that it
fills that gap for you with a proper
candlestick. Now, the charts look much
cleaner. So, let me actually show you
how to add this first indicator. All you
have to do is come here to the no indic
uh to the indicated section on trading
view and just simply type no gap
indicator.
So, oh, it's going to be no gap candles.
I'm sorry. No gap candles.
And you're simply going to favorite this
one right here. As soon as you click
this one, it's simply going to pop up
over here. Now, when it pops up over
here, it's probably going to pop up like
this. and it's just going to
automatically fill the candlesticks
already. But you need to do one step
which many traders fail to do without
knowing is first of all hide it. After
you hide it, you're going to realize
that the markets are going to go back
how they are. You want to make sure that
you could rightclick your trading view
screen, you go to settings, and then you
uncclick the current markets. So, you're
going to realize your charts are pretty
much going to be naked. you're not going
to have anything on the candlestick
chart. Then you're going to show the no
gap candlesticks and then it'll fill in
the price. So if you do it the other way
there, it's basically the no gap
candlesticks over the current price and
then there can be areas for example like
right here how this should have been a
small red candle and then it just it's
over it's engulfing that candle and it
might not look the best. There's areas
where it will probably look a little bit
choppy. For example, here you have this
blue candle that ends off with a red
candle. That's because this candle is
simply just filling that gap in between
here and it's just showing both of the
candlesticks on top of each other. So,
it's just best if you remove your
current candlestick charts and then you
just leave the no gap candles. It's
basically the new way of you looking at
the charts with this indicator. It works
to the perfection. This is what I use
every single day for the last year.
here. This has changed my trading
completely because I don't have to
battle these gaps and just almost
overlook it, right? I could I could
always look at the market for what it
is. This has not given me any issue
whatsoever. Now, the next one that I use
is the EMA, which is going to be this
blue line that hovers over price on
every single time frame. It's pretty
much just following it on every single
time frame. Now, the way I set up this
EMA is pretty creative and it's pretty
interesting. So, as you guys can tell, I
currently have a 50 EMA. So, the length
is 50, the source is closed, offset is
zero, the type is nothing, length is 14,
BB, whatever this is is two, and then it
is on the [music] chart style, it's
blue, and it's visible on every single
time frame. So, for you to get this
indicator, all you have to do is search
up EMA. And when you search up the
exponential moving average, just simply
click on this one right here. [music]
And as you can tell, it might not pop up
exactly how mine is. So, we're going to
see this EMA right here. We have to go
to the settings and then we have to do
the exact same inputs that I have on the
other one. So, the length is 50. We
click okay. And as you can tell that
will automatically already hover it over
my other indicator. Now I have to
refresh see what the settings are on my
indicator. So 50 close 0 142. We go to
these settings going to be 50 close 042.
There you go. So as you can tell, you
can't really see it because obviously
it's set up exactly the same as my other
indicator. That's why it pops up. But if
I put it on and remove remove it, you
can see how the color changes from that
price right there. So, we don't need to
have two of the exact same indicators.
So, I'm going to remove that one. And
then that is how this EMA is set up.
Now, I'm going to explain to you how
both of these work together. And this 50
EMA is very significant to the trade
because it is used as a dynamic level of
support and resistance. So, whenever
price is going up, for example, how this
has been done here in the weekly, it's
going to hold price up. Whenever price
is going down, it's going to be very
tight with the price down. Same exact
thing with the daily. When price is
going up, it's going to be very tight on
price up. When price is going down, it's
going to be very tight on price going
down. When price is going up, when price
shifts down, when price is going up, to
me, this is one of the most accurate
EMAs to every single time frame because
it follows it very closely. And as you
can tell here, whenever it tends to
break through it, there is a massive
move that happens in the opposite
direction. Same exact thing to the
upside. Whenever it breaks above, it has
a massive move to the upside. Many
people out there use EMA crossovers or
they use a 200 EMA, 100 EMA, and people
don't understand that those are decent,
but for more of a swing position trader.
These are traders that are going to be
holding trades for weeks. I'm looking to
hold a trade for one to three to four
days and maybe seven days max. So the 50
EMA works very closely on every time
frame and it is an added confluence on
top of my strategy and the importance of
both of these and how they both
intertwine each other is the beauty of
it. So I'm going to explain to you now
how both of these indicators work
together. So, let's get into our first
example, which the EMA once again is an
added confluence. And there's a couple
of steps that need to be done before you
actually use the EMA. Because think of
the EMA almost as the whipped cream of a
milkshake. Is a milkshake a milkshake
without the whipped cream on top?
Probably not. It's missing that, right?
You look forward to drinking the
milkshake because of the whipped cream,
but you can also drink it without it.
So, this is kind of what the EMA is. is
the EMA completes the trade but it's not
the whole entire trade. You can still
trade without it. Right? So let's use
for example AUD JPY. AUD JPY was in a
trending market on the weekly time
frame. So let me explain once again. The
first thing that we always look for is
the trend. This is the most important
thing. This is for whatever type of
strategy you're using. This is if you
want to be a scalper, a day trader, a
swing trader, position trader, a demo
trader, live trader, whatever type of
trader you want to be or type of trade
you're going to take, you need to be
trading with the trend. Plain and
simple. If you're trading against the
trend, you're going to be running into
some very, very, very strong
difficulties. So, the first thing we
always look for is what is the trend
doing in this market. Okay, so the trend
in this market at one point was creating
lower highs and lower lows. lower high,
lower low, lower high, lower low. And
then this market here shifted higher
high, higher low, higher high, higher
low, higher high. So very clearly the
first thing is that this market is
bullish on the weekly time frame. Now
our goal with the trend is to have as
many time frames in our favor, right?
Because if we have the weekly time frame
that is bullish and then we have the
daily time frame that is bullish and
then we have the 4hour time frame that
is bullish. Well, it probably makes more
sense to buy than to sell. So, we are
now going to be interested in taking a
buy position just based off of the
trend. We're going to use these EMAs and
these indicators to get us a very
precise and good entry. But you need to
first understand how to read the market.
So weekly time frame is bullish. Cool.
The fact that it's above the EMA is a
plus, but is not where we're going to be
using it at this point right now. Daily
time frame. Okay, daily time frame. Are
we bullish or bearish? So this market
very strongly. We don't need to go this
far back because we can obviously tell
that the market is very bullish here.
And this is a big mistake that I see a
lot of traders make in the trading at
the weekly time frame. They'll start off
in 2024, for example, which is where
we're over here, November 2024. And then
we go out to the daily time frame and
then they'll do the same thing. It's
like you don't really have to start from
this far anymore because this market has
shifted bullish to bearish so many
times. You can really just focus on
what's going on right here. A lot of
traders, they'll focus on price action
like this on the daily time frame and
they'll be starting up here. They're
like, "Yeah, this and then this." And
and I explain to them like, "Guys, you
realize first of all how far this is
away and how long ago this happened.
It's more relevant if you focus on the
more recent price because that's what's
going to take the trade to this area.
But you can't analyze all the way up
here two years ago when we're way down
here and there's so much more price
action to the left. Right? So focusing
on what matters, which is this area
right here, you can tell that this
market was indeed creating higher highs
and higher lows. We have a higher high,
higher low, higher high, higher low,
higher high, and a higher low, and now
potentially creating a higher high. So,
this market on the daily time frame is
also bullish. Great. Cool. Now, what's
the 4hour doing? So, we have two time
frames in sync. Our goal is to go down
to the next time frame and determine
what is this market doing. So at the
time that we would have been interested
in entering this trade which would have
been right around this area over here.
This market was actually bearish. So
this market was creating higher high,
higher high and then we shifted bearish.
This market actually turned into a
bearish market. Okay, fine. The time
we're looking at the market is right
around here. We only have two time
frames in sync. Okay, not the best, but
definitely not terrible. So, the 4hour
time frame is bearish. So, we do have
two consecutive time frames in sync that
is bullish and one time frame that is
bearish. I use my other time frames, the
2hour, the 1 hour, the 30 minute, and
the 15-minut time frames for my entries.
So, I don't consider those time frames
for the trend. The 15-inut is going to
shift from bullish to bearish every day
multiple times. Same thing on the 30
minute and every two days on the 1 hour.
The weekly and the daily take much
longer to shift these time frames. So
that's why they're more respected and we
use that to understand the trend of the
market. We're not going to determine the
trend of the market on a 15-minute time
frame. We will on the higher time frame
because that's what's more respected. So
the first thing we got to do is
understand the trend and we understand
that the majority of the trend is indeed
bullish. Next is going to be AOI which
is equal to area of interest or how
other traders like to call it order
block or how other trader like to call
it supply and demand zone or how other
traders like to call it support and
resistance
or how other traders like to call it
buying or sell in zones. All of this,
ladies and gentlemen, is the exact same
 This is an area of
This is an area of
interest. It's an area where you're
going to be interested in buying or
selling price. You're going to wait for
price to retrace back into that area for
you to wait for something for you to
enter the trade. That's why it's
considered an area of interest. So, at
the time of us analyzing this market,
this market was very bullish. So, we're
going to call this the higher high. And
then this was the higher low. So this is
the higher high of this market right
here. This structure point and then this
right here would be the higher low. We
identify this as the area of interest.
So at the time of us looking at this
market right here, this would have been
the area or we would have been
interested in doing it right here. So
this market was bullish. This I consider
the market bullish or bearish based off
of the structure of the market which has
looked like this. It's not based off of
the wicks. We notice this is all
structure. Every single structure point
is what determines the move. Break,
retest, structure to structure. You
notice here, break, retest. It's
structure to structure. So this is the
higher high. This is the higher low. We
don't base if the market is bullish or
bearish off of the wicks. The wicks is
not a confirmed price. That is where it
was uh a trail of price. The actual
structure, which is where the body
closes, where we consider it bullish or
bearish. So as you can tell, this right
here is an area of interest if you look
left. And an area of interest is where
you have three or more touches. You look
left, you have one, two, three structure
points. We can go back to the structure
on the line chart and you can tell we
have one, two, and three. And I'm sure
if we look left, we have more. One, two,
three, kind of four. And I'm sure if we
look left, we have more. So we have
about seven, eight touches from this
area of interest. So, this right here is
indeed
a respected area of interest. Cool. Now,
after us identifying that it's a
respected area of interest on the
weekly, we go down to the daily and
we're going to double verify if that is
entirely true. Switch back out to the
line chart. And as you can tell, we have
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8. And if we go more left,
it's even more respected. Now obviously
typically if it is respected on the
higher time frame it's going to be
respected on the next lower time frame
which is great. Just want to make sure
that they both intertwine perfectly. So
we have a very respected area of
interest support and resistance supply
and demand order block potato. Now,
after we understand that we're at a area
of interest, then is when we go into our
entry signal. And based off of this
entry signal, one of the confirmations
that we will be using is our trusty EMA.
Now, for our entry signal, the most
powerful thing is going to be the actual
price action. So, price action will
actually be what this exact candlestick
is right here. What this exact
candlestick is going to be right here.
what this exact candlestick is right
here. This price action is going to be
the actual confirmation that you're
going to be interested in entering this
trade. So, for example, right here we
have a break and retest of this area of
interest. Our entry confirmation is
going to be this bullish engulfing
beautiful push up, but we are also above
the EMA. That's the whipped cream on
top. That's it. That's what the EMA is
going to be used for is an it is an
added confluence confluence to the
trade. Exact same trade right here. We
have a approach that came back to this
area of interest. We have a bullish
engulfing candlestick from this area of
interest and we're rejecting the EMA.
That is a double whipped cream on top
with two cherries on top because we're
happen to be rejecting the exact EMA as
well with that entry signal
confirmation. This exact entry right
here, we have another retest of this
area of interest. a very strong bullish
pin bar rejection, which is great price
action, letting you know that price is
rejecting. And then we also have the
perfect rejection from that EMA. That is
a triple whipped cream on top, cherries
and sprinkles, and a donut, right? I'm
just getting creative here at this
point. Like, this is just making the
trade that much better. And this is just
specifically for this daily time frame
entry. If we go out to the weekly time
frame, as you can tell that weekly wick
happened to also reject that weekly EMA,
that is triple whipped cream on top, 10
cherries, sprink everything that you can
possibly think of. And we use this EMA
exact same way as we go with the trend.
It's going to be from the highest down.
So for example, we have one point for
having it on the weekly. So we have one
weekly EMA tap. two, we have daily EMA
tap, right? So, let me just do it like
this.
So, we have
Yeah, I'm supposed to be trading right
now, but it's okay doing this. So, we
have one weekly EMA tap, two daily EMA
tap. Let's see what the 4 hour is doing.
We at the time of us being interested in
this trade, we're actually below the 4
hour. So, we don't have the 4our EMA
tap. So, right here, we do not add the 4
hour. For three, do we have the 2hour
EMA tab? Yes or no? We don't. Do we have
the 1 hour EMA tap all the way down
here? We don't. Do we have the 30 minute
EMA tap? We don't. Do we have the 15 EMA
tap? And then we do right here because
we broke above the EMA and then we
pretty cleanly retested it. So, we have
here 15 EMA. So we could only add the
EMA as an added confluence three times
basically because it's above these three
time frames at the time of entering the
trade. Now you can imagine the more time
frames you have that price is above this
EMA even better. But the main ones that
are significant are going to be the
weekly, the daily and the 4hour.
Everything after that is not precisely
needed. But if you want to wait for that
extra confirmation of it breaking and
retesting above, you could have totally
done that. For example, here you could
have totally waited for the 1 hour EMA
to break and retest above it and it
would have had a very clean, respected
bullish engulfing from this area and
then it would have came back, retested
it again, retested it again, and then
price would have continued going to the
upside. As you can tell, look at all
these multiple times that it came back
to retest it, retest it, and it kept
having a push to the upside. So, could
you wait for these extra confirmations?
Yes, it's an added confluence and it
lets the trade be stronger. And if you
don't feel comfortable with the trade at
the moment, you're interested in taking
it. But, as you can tell, price comes
back, retests it, retests it, retests it
multiple times. Every single time it has
a push to the upside, let's say you
missed this entry here for whatever
reason, you can always continue to scale
in based off of this. Now, here,
typically, if it breaks below, you don't
want to be interested in the trade. You
always want to be interested in the
trade when it retests above it. and then
it has the push up just there alone.
There's 10 different potential trades on
the trade that you identified that has a
clean trend and is [music] respecting a
clean area of interest. Now, use the EMA
to have these added entries and the more
rejections and the more time frames
you're above it, the better
confirmations you're going [music] to
have. The more confirmations, the
better, but you can still take it with
these confirmations. Just know that it's
a bit of a high risk trade. Now, I
really wanted to make this video to show
you guys the power of the EMA, but I
want you guys to really understand that
the EMA is it really is the the last
part of the position. It's like when you
actually go bake something in the oven.
You have to prepare something. You have
to properly let it d. You probably have
to season it. Do whatever you do before
you baking something. And then you put
it in the oven. So, like that's like
really the last part. When it comes out
of the oven, then you put the add-ons on
top. it it it the EMA is not the whole
entire process. There's no secret hack
on having an EMA crossover when two
EMAs, one goes above and one goes under
that that's the perfect entry or if
price is always above it, it's a perfect
entry. If price is below it, it's always
a perfect entry. That is not the case.
What the EMA does, it just makes it a
bit better of a trade and it gives you a
bit more probability just because
historically typically whenever we're
above it, we tend to go up and typically
whenever we're below it, we tend to
[music] go down. but it does not
complete the trade. It does not define
if it's actually ready to [music] enter
the position or even ready to exit the
position. Now, to be clear, I the EMA is
only used for entries. It is not used
for take profits. I don't have a takerit
based off of the EMA. I use price action
to base my takeprofits. So, just if you
guys enter the trade below the EMA on
the lower time frame, your take-profit
should never be an EMA, right? That's
not a I've seen multiple traders make
this mistake before. Like let's say they
they want to I don't know for whatever
reason buy below the EMA and then their
take profit is the EMA. That's not the
case at all, right? The EMA is only used
for your actual entry when you're ready
to be above it to enter or when you're
ready to be below it to actually sell to
the downside. It's very powerful that
you know what you're best at. If you're
better at selling or better at buying,
how I just showed you with my track
record earlier onto this video, because
that lets you understand what you're
better at. Because if for whatever
reason you're only good at selling, for
example, how I am, what you can do is
you can flip your chart. Right click
this section on Trading View, you invert
it, and now you look at this market for
a sell. Now, for me, this looks much
more clear of a sell at the time of
selling from this EMA than when it
actually did of buying, for example. So,
this is something that you you guys can
just look at your P&L, look at your
track record, and you're going to be
able to understand based off of your
trading as a whole. I just have a
hundreds of little hacks just like this
one. So now that you understand what I
showed you is how to trade with these
specific indicators and that it just
takes you one step closer to actually
becoming a profitable traders. But the
actual indicator does not define the
markets. Price action does, trend does,
proper structure and that is what's
going to lead the trade to go into the
next spot. Not the indicator. The
indicators are just there to help you
identify the trend. If you want to be
part of my community where I teach this
to my traders every single week and I
host live calls showing these traders
these perfect trade setups, check out
the link in description down below. It's
my community where I literally share the
markets that I'm interested in taking
every single week and why I'm not
interested in taking other trades.
Because the reality of the situation
when it comes to trading is that there
is an abundance of opportunity, but not
all of these opportunities come with
good results. You need to make sure how
you identify these different markets and
select the winning ones and stick to
them and learn how to avoid the losing
ones. Hit that like and subscribe
button. Hope to see you in that class.
And set it forget boys.
