Good morning. Welcome to the video. So,
 
it's currently the second last day of
trading the 2025. I'm taking you in one
of my favorite places in Singapore. So,
we're going to go and work there for a
little bit. It's called the landing
point and we're going to head there now.
>> Take a look at this view.
Got NBS in the background.
This entire place here. So, right now we
are right opposite MBS
where the beautiful Apple store is in
that ball right there. And then on top,
[laughter]
can you see the ball right there? Yes.
And then on top we have a ship held by
three strong buildings.
>> We have this conversation quite a lot
cuz I'm obviously from the UK. Someone's
from Singapore. It's like it's it's a
shame to see where the UK is going right
now because I love the UK. I love what
it stands for. I love the heritage. Like
you go to Edinburgh, it's completely
different to like come or London. But
the way the country is being run now is
it's just not it. It's shocking. So I'd
rather be elsewhere
>> everywhere.
>> So we here.
>> No, we have options. We can be
everywhere. We don't have to choose one
or the other. and
>> yeah, so many options from the west to
the east.
>> There's really some beautiful countries
around. So, you don't need to just stay
in one location, especially when we've
been trading for
>> a long time now, aren't we?
>> That's why we even started trading is
for this options. We just want options.
That's it.
>> Yeah.
>> So, good. And then just eating some
fries.
>> Fries.
>> So, we're here. It's one of my favorite
places in Singapore. It's called the
landing point. It's a cool uh cool place
to do some chart work and just finished
up the the last live session of 2025 for
Envision. So, I'm ready for a break now.
Ready to cut out trading stuff for a
while. Come back in January when PA is
clean and then for now just focus on
Envision, focus on time with family and
friends.
All right, so let's crack on and request
a payout. So, first things first,
[music] request refresh the screen.
refreshed it. I'm going to request it in
a minute. Let's just take a look at the
stats. So, you can hit see here I've got
two accounts. One sat at 12k profit, the
other one at 5.9.
This is the new consistency [music] rate
of 15%. The this one is the old which is
20. So, if you go on the dashboard,
you can see consistency score has now
been hit at 19.70, [music] which means I
can request the payout, which is
beautiful. 112K balance and you can see
some of the stats here. Only needed a
small trade today to equate to that
payout which we've now secured.
Average win,
average loss, win rate above 60%.
Risk-to-reward and average trade time as
well, which is nice because my biggest
trade was 2.5K.
It means that I need a few trades of 2K,
1.5, one to equate to that consistency
rule. Because if I just bank one 2.5K
trade, my consistency score is going to
be 100 or close to it. As that [music]
starts to unfold and I take more trades
and more winning trades, as long as it
stays below 2.5 with that being my
highest trade to date, then that
consistency score is going to start to
move to the downside. So, this took me
roughly
four just over four weeks to get that
score from 100 down to 20%. We've now
done it, so we can get the payout. So,
let's do this together. We're going to
request the payout.
Let's do two factor
which is
615.
Beautiful. You can see made a profit. We
can withdraw that via a payout.
So profit split is 8.4K. They take 20%,
I take 80. Let's go through it now. So,
choose your payout method. I'm going to
go rise.
Beautiful. Payout completed.
Just got the email confirmation to prove
it as well. Says your payout request has
been successfully submitted. Processing
time of your withdrawal varies. You'll
get an email confirmation within two
working days that your payout has been
processed. So, I'll keep you updated on
this. I would expect to see this in the
Rise account shortly. We'll see how
quick they do it and then I'll get back
to you on the rest of the process.
>> [music]
>> So pretty.
>> DXY where is price positioned at coming
into a brand new year. So let's analyze
everything from last year. We can see
that price consolidated here. We swept
by side and pursued downside pressure
very [music] intently. Now what's really
important over the past six months is we
have been in this sideways range. We've
been sweeping sellside, swept buy side
and still contained [music] equilibrium
of this sideways range. The question we
need to be asking now is is price likely
to start heavily pushing to the downside
and actually commit beyond the lows of
this range or is this the beginning
stages of a bigger accumulation for
price to actually move higher. Okay,
that's the question that we need to have
in the back of our mind.
We start to get more signs of this on
the weekly and daily. So if we take a
look at the weekly,
couple things I want you to bear in
mind. First thing sellside from previous
monthly low was taken which was back in
September of June low. Okay, since that
we did see bullish pressure at that
point we were looking for higher prices.
We took out the first drawn liquidity
being this swing point to the left.
However, notice one key thing. We didn't
break with any intention which means
what? This play here could very well be
a liquidity play to grab liquidity above
this high before then moving to the
downside with severe pressure. And then
what's been the narrative ever since
that? Well, we shifted to the downside
with an internal shift and ever since
we've been bearish. So the question on
my mind now would be how does price
react from the lows. Okay, we have this
weekly OB that price is now contained
in. But how does price react from this
area? Do we see commitment to the upside
and if we start to see a week or so of
bullish pressure?
Understand that this could be the low to
the left that is being held and
protected. Therefore, this high then
becomes a weak high. This becomes our
target. However, if bearish pressure
continues and we don't see that be
bullish intent, then this can quickly
become a reaction play for price to move
to the downside. And then at that point,
we are targeting this big downside wick
from September and we may see downside
pressure. Just understand for the first
week or so of January, we are likely to
form the highs or lows of the month. So
wait until we start to get a clear
narrative from that. So that's the
weekly. Let's take a look at the daily
chart now. [clears throat]
So daily, the key thing that is
important to realize is that bearish
substructure is still being protected
very well. You can see that we've
liquidated this high. We had the
internal shift which was following this
break of structure. Notice how we broke
which sent price lower. We broke with a
very obvious body close. Okay. Price
then formulated a low and protected the
highs. We didn't break any significant
highs here. Therefore, price then moved
lower and ever since we've been in this
bearish pressure. Okay. So now lower low
high lower low. Price is now contained
in this daily OB. My question here is
does this high get protected? Does price
protect this high? protect this OB and
continue its path to the downside. In
which case, this low becomes the target.
If however that bullish pressure
continues, then this high becomes the
target. You see? So, we need to be able
to adapt in real time. That's the key
skill set here that I want to get
across. So, that's really the daily
chart. As we look into the hourly chart,
let's just update price in real time. We
can see that we had lower low high and
lower low form. Now if we're looking at
the overall premium discount of this
entire leg,
we can see as we start to build the
picture that we are in premium pricing.
So the areas that I would have been
looking at in this overall price leg you
being the same would be first the
decisional OB which was here. As we can
see, price did react out of this area
from equilibrium quite nicely. Was that
enough to sustain downside pressure? No,
it wasn't. We simply reacted. Price
formulated [snorts] this wick and we
continued higher. So that decision at OB
is no longer valid. We can remove that
and focus on the next area intact. So
what is the next area intact? Well, it
would be the origin of the move. The
origin of this move is in this entire
range here. Okay, but we can be a little
bit more accurate about that. And we can
see that if we just zoom right into
current price, what took place? Well,
prior to that initiation, you can see
that we had the buy to sell broke
structure. This is our key area. Nice
one hour area at the origin of the move.
And what I'm going to do is just
highlight that entire range because this
is the bigger range at the start of the
move. Okay. I want to see how price
reacts from this if it does. Perfect. So
now we've got that. This is our next
area. Okay. What can we now see forming
coming into the start of the year? Equal
highs. We've got a high that formed
here. Price paused here. And here we
have three equal highs available. Now
that becomes our obvious target over the
coming day. Okay. Now following that,
this is our first essentially
gravitational pull for price to target
and it's about what happens next. Price
doesn't essentially need to get into
this area. It would be ideal if it does.
However, if we see a sweep of this high
and these highs here being the previous
daily high and then we start committing
to the downside, we don't technically
need to tap into this supply area that's
just above current price. It would be
ideal, but this is where adapt
adaptability in the market really shines
and comes through. Okay, so the probable
scenario is we do tap into that area. If
we do, watch how price reacts. I
wouldn't be looking to jump into any
Euro dollar longs, DXY shorts, etc. For
the first week, you want to be a little
bit cautious and just let price
formulate. But if we do start to see
bearish pressure come in, then perfect.
That is your go-to scenario to start
looking for sells here, here, and
throughout this entire move. And you can
see we have a lot of liquidity starting
to generate below this structural point
here. Okay, you can see that how that
entire road map starts to formulate
specifically from the daily chart down.
Okay, so very easy narrative, not
looking for longs, but just be aware,
don't be shocked if we suddenly see
bullish pressure come in and this high
becomes a target that can quickly
formulate and change. And all that would
mean on the daily chart is a change in
structure at least for a temporary
measure which would look like price
taking out these highs at that point.
It's about how do we take the highs and
if it's with intent perfect all we're
doing is protecting the lows. This
structure changes and we could be
looking for more upside very shortly.
You see how that changes. Perfect. So
that is the dy is starting off the year.
So my focus and yours should be too be a
bit more on the cautious side. Observe
for a good number of days and wait until
the market is crystal clear before
executing.
Everyone's mindset and the retail
mindset coming into January is go let's
go new year let's go. David Gogggins
mindset this is where we we transform
the year. That's when the mistakes
happen. Okay? Because your focus is on
make it happen make it happen. Make it
happen. But you've lost the process
identity of letting the market come to
you. Okay? And this has tripped me up
many years before in the past. Your main
job is to be patient in the first week
especially. If you do that and observe
correctly, that will then set the
momentum for the year. Get your
processes, your habits in place, stick
to the gym, preparation, looking at the
markets, observing, practice discipline.
You do that, you set yourself up for a
good first week. You do that, you set
yourself up for a good first month,
first quarter, then first year, okay?
It's all a momentum effect. But overall,
hope you enjoyed this webinar, this
first weekly breakdown. I look forward
to seeing you in the chats. Let's start
to build that momentum back now as we
head into a massive 2026. I'll speak to
you all soon.
