I trade for about 60 minutes every day
 
and can make anywhere from $1 to $5,000
a day. But seven years ago when I
started trading, I didn't always make
this much money. Instead, I lost for 3
years before I became profitable. It
wasn't until I built a system that
allowed me to risk $50 to $100 per trade
to actually become profitable using an
extremely simple system. And 90% of
traders don't realize they can start
trading with only $50 if they have the
right strategy, learn it with small
risk, and scale their trading account
step by step. In this video, I'll share
the full strategy and system on how to
start day trading with as little as $50
with a super simple strategy that uses
the first 60 minutes of market open. So
whether you have a full-time job or a
school, this is going to be a simple way
to learn how to become a day trader. All
right, so in this video, I'm going to
explain the three steps you need to
start day trading with little capital,
but most importantly, the knowledge and
information you will receive in this
video. I'm going to try to keep it
short, but to the point where I can
simplify trading for you, whether you're
a beginner or an advanced trader, by the
end of the video, you'll learn exactly
what to trade for step one. For step
two, we'll talk about an A+ trading plan
with a full in-depth strategy on exactly
how I trade every single day to be done
the day in about 60 minutes. And for
step three, I'll talk about the exact
steps that I would follow today on how
to grow my trading account if I had to
start over. So, you see my results. This
is for March 2026. This was $104,000
month. You can see I had about four red
days, but for the rest of the days, they
were green. But more importantly, you
can see that most of the days I've only
had one or two trades because I focus on
quality of trades rather than quantity
of trades. So, I only try to take one or
two trades a day and be done within 60
minutes of my trading day. But the
reality is it wasn't always like this. I
lost for 3 years straight before I
became profitable, and I lost thousands
of dollars trying to learn how to trade.
So, trading is not a get-richquick
business. And that's exactly why in this
video, the goal is by the time you're
done watching, you'll understand exactly
how I would start day trading again if I
went back to zero. I'll show you the
exact simple system, my growth strategy
and mechanical trading approach that you
can learn as a beginner or an advanced
trader to actually help your trading.
So, the first thing we need to
understand is what to trade. There's a
lot of different instruments when it
comes to trading. You can trade stocks,
futures, options, forex, and crypto. But
what are the pros and what are the cons?
Well, if you want, you can pause the
video here and screenshot it. So
therefore, you have this list for the
future. But I just want to go over very
quickly some of the pros and cons
compared to what instrument you're
trading. And once again, you can trade
any of these instruments. However, we
can see for stocks, these are liquid,
safe, and easy. For futures, these
require leverage. They're safe. They're
open 24 hours for 5 days of the week.
Whereas stocks, of course, do close.
Options are liquid, safe, and you need
very small capital to trade options.
Forex is one of the largest markets in
the world. And of course, crypto is
volatile. It requires small capital and
it is actually open 24/7. So, you can
trade it whenever you like. However, the
cons of these is for stocks, you need
big capital. For futures, you cannot
just buy and hold hoping that it goes
up. You need to sell the trade at a
specific point as the futures contracts
do expire. For options, this has the
lowest barrier to entry, which can be a
pro to a lot of people, but in this
video, I'll explain how that is also a
con. And then for forex, it's
unregulated. So when you're trading
stocks, futures, or options, these are
regulated markets. But for forex, most
of these brokers are unregulated and
they're simply not safe. And finally,
for crypto, this is very manipulated as
we can see from meme coins or just
simple pump and dumps. So once again,
you can trade any of these instruments,
but in this video, what we'll be
focusing in on are stocks, futures, and
options because these are the three
primary instruments that I trade.
However, the strategy and systems that
I'm going to explain in this video do
work for Forex and crypto. However, I
personally trade stocks, futures, and
options, and I feel much more
comfortable trading them than forex and
crypto. Now, to explain how to actually
make profit from these different
instruments, let's take one trade. This
is a trade on SPY. This is the S&P 500,
which holds the top 500 companies in the
US. This is one of the safest
instruments to trade. This is a very
liquid instrument, which means there's a
lot of volume. That simply means that
there's a lot of buyers and sellers, and
therefore, the stock will always move up
and down, which is good. And as we can
see on this trade, we saw a very clear
move to the upside. We saw a down close
candle. We looked for the break above a
retest entry. A retest simply means that
once you get a break above the retest is
where you're entering in on this is the
pullback. And then you're looking for a
move back up into high of day or
continuation. In this specific day, the
market opens up at 9:30 as we can see
here. And we were done the day at 10:25.
So, we were done the day in less than 60
minutes by simply taking this one trade.
And remember, if you're confused about
anything so far in this video, even this
trade or the strategy, don't worry. I'm
going to talk about this much more in
depth and you'll understand it by the
end of the video. But what I want to do
to help you understand whether you
should trade stocks, options, or futures
is ask two questions. And that is how
much capital do we need for each
instrument? So, if we were to take this
exact trade, how much capital do we need
for stocks, options, or futures? and how
much profit would we make compared to
all the different instruments. So how
much would the stocks give us? How much
would options and how much would futures
actually give us as an ROI for our
trade? In this first example here, let's
use the stock. So if we buy stock, this
would be the spy stock. Of course, this
means our entry price would be $6492.
As we can see here, $6492.
That's exactly where we entered over
here. And we would buy, let's just
assume, 100 shares. If we were to buy a
100 shares at $649, all we have to do is
multiply the price by the actual amount
of shares. And that means we would have
to use $64,000
in capital. So on this trade, we would
have to put in $64,000 of our own money
to actually buy this trade or buy 100
shares of this trade. And if we did
that, how much profit would we make?
Well, we can see we bought it at $64,92.
Our exit price is up here at $651.
So entry price $649, exit price $651.
And of course, we have to sell the 100
shares that we bought up here. So very
simple math. If the price we're selling
at is at $651, and we bought at $649,
that means we have about $1.98 in profit
for each share. We have 100 shares. So
$1.98 multiplied by 100, we made $198
in total profit. So, we had to put up
$64,000
on this trade to make about $198
in profit. And remember earlier in this
video, I talked about how if you do
trade stocks, one of the biggest cons is
it requires a lot of capital to actually
take trades. However, if you're looking
at these numbers and you're a little bit
nervous because this is too much money,
don't worry. This is exactly why we have
other instruments that we can trade. And
that's exactly what I want to explain in
this video. So if we look at the future
side, if we are buying futures of SPY,
this would be on ES. Of course, we're
just going to use ES here. Well, one
point is going to be $50 in profit. So
every dollar move is $50 in profit. So
for this, as we can see, this is the
exact same thing just on the ES chart.
It's at about $6,554
and we're selling it at 6,574.
So once again, we take 6574,
subtract that by 6,554.
That gives us $20. So we got a $20 move
on this trade multiplied by $50 per one
point. So a $20 move multiplied by $50
in profit would mean we made $1,000 of
total profit if we actually bought the
future side of this trade rather than
the stock side. So now that I've shown
you the stocks and future side, what if
we actually bought the option side? So
for options, let's assume because we
bought it at 649, we bought the 650
calls. Calls simply mean that you're
waiting for the stock to go up. So
there's two different side of options.
You can buy calls, which means that
you're looking for the stock to go up,
or you can buy puts, which means you're
simply looking for the stock to go down.
In this example, since we're waiting for
the stock to go up, we bought the 650
calls. And as we can see here, these
calls were actually valued at $511 when
we bought them. Remember, this is the
actual spy right here. And then this is
the 650 calls on SPY. So if they were
$511 and we bought 10 options, remember
option contracts control 100 shares. So
your leverage is technically per
contract 100 shares. So if the price was
$511 when we bought and we bought 10
option contracts, well, we have to
multiply that by 100 because that is the
leverage we're using. And therefore, it
would cost us $5,110
to actually buy the $650 calls on Spy.
And as we can see, these calls went up
to $6.13. So 613US
511 equals $12.
Now $12 is the move that we got
multiplied by once again the 10 option
contracts we had and then multiplied by
the 100 leverage that we're using. So,
we made $1,020
in total profit. So, remember, if we
just bought SPY stock, we had to put in
$64,000 to make less than $200. But if
we traded the options of the exact same
trade at the exact same time, well, we
only had to put in one/10enth dollar
value to actually make 10x more on the
trade. Of course, you can see how
options can definitely be a little bit
more of a lucrative way to capture more
value for small capital. And really
quickly, just to summarize, you can see
for stocks, we had $64,000 how much we
had to put in. We only made $198. This
was a 0.3% gain. And for options, we had
to put in $5,110
to make $1,000.20.
This is almost a 20% gain for the dollar
value that we're putting in. So, you can
clearly see how options can definitely
be a little bit more lucrative if you
can trade them properly. Now, why did I
not talk about how much money you need
to put into futures to actually make
that $1,000?
Well, here's the thing about futures.
When we're trading futures, there's
multiple different ways that we can
trade it. We can use either a demo
account, we can use prop firms, or we
can use a brokerage account. Now, what
do all of these entail? And how can we
use them effectively? Well, a demo
account is simulated trading. So, you're
not actually making or losing any money.
This is all simulated. And therefore, it
costs $0, but you're also not going to
make money. The reason people use demo
accounts is to learn, back test
strategies, and simply just learn the
trading platform that they're using.
That's why demo account can be good for
a beginner trader just so you can
understand how to actually trade in the
beginning. However, once you're ready to
actually put capital on the line, a lot
of traders have been using prop firms.
Now, for prop firms, these can cost
anywhere from $50 to $500 depending on
the prop firm you're using or the
platform you're using. And what this
allows you to do is typically there's
going to be some sort of challenge in
the beginning. Let's assume you have a
$50 prof. This allows you to actually
trade with $100,000 of simulated
capital. So, this isn't real capital.
However, if you can pass the challenge
that they have for you with this
100,000, which could potentially just be
make $1,000 for 5 days in a row, if you
can pass that challenge, then what will
happen is any money that you make after
that, based off of their rules, you can
then withdraw that money into real
money. So, let's say you turn this
$100,000 account into $150,000.
You can withdraw $50,000 from this prof
invested $50 to get the money. Now, I
want to have a huge disclaimer where
there's a lot of profits on the market
right now. You want to do your due
diligence. Trading is not a
get-richquick scheme. So, don't think
that your $50 is magically going to turn
into this number. You actually have to
know how to trade. But, with this being
said, profit be a good way to start with
little capital. If you would like me to
make a video on how to use profirms, the
best prop firms out there, and how to
actually maximize the value from prop
firms so you can get big payouts, make
sure to leave this video a like. Let's
see if we can get 5,000 likes on this
video, and let me know in the comments
down below that you would like to see
that video, and I will make a full
in-depth prop firm video for you. And
finally, brokerage accounts. Now, this
is, of course, your own money.
Typically, for futures, you need around
$1,000 to actually put in to even trade
futures. Of course, for options, you can
start with $50 or $100. It doesn't
really matter. But with futures, you're
going to need around $1,000 to as much
money as you want to put in. This is, of
course, risking your own capital. So,
there's no rules unlike prop firms where
you have to follow the prop firm rules.
There's no rules on your brokerage
account. So, you can trade as much as
you'd like and exactly how you would
like for your own system. But with this
being said, now you have a clear road
map on what to trade and how to trade.
For step number two, let's talk about
our A+ trading plan and a full strategy.
Now, in this video, I'm going to explain
the best and most simple strategy that
anyone can trade, whether you're a
beginner or an advanced trader. And for
the last 7 years, I've been learning,
refining, and using the strategy on a
consistent daily basis in the market.
The first thing you want to do is mark
out the first 5-minute candle at 9:30
a.m. Eastern. This is very important. I
always come in and trade the New York
Stock Exchange open. That's going to be
at 9:30. So the first 5-minute candle
that you see at 9:30, we're simply going
to mark out the high and low of that
first 5minute candle. Then all we're
going to do is go to the 1 minute time
frame and look for an entry. Keep it
extremely simple. So once we mark out
our 5minut high and our 5minut low, we
come to the 1 minute time frame and we
simply wait for the stock to either
break above the 5minut high come back
for the retest which is simply a pull
back into your 5minute high for a move
back to the upside. This is where we
would enter or we are waiting for a
break below the 5-minute low, a retest.
This is where we would enter for a move
down into low of day. As you can see, we
got a real breakout, which simply means
the candle closed above the 5-minute
high, and then we got the retest. This
simply means that the stock retested
that 5-minute high. And this is with
strong price action. If you don't
understand how to read price action, I
have a full and free 10-hour course
taking you from beginner to advanced
trader. It's going to be in the playlist
at the end of the video that you can
watch after this video. But with this
being said, as we can see, if we entered
this trade here, we would have bought
this retest and this trade would have
worked very nicely for a move back to
the upside. And this is how simple I
like to keep my trading. So, at this
point of the video, we talked about what
to trade. I gave a full A+ trading plan,
but how do we actually grow our trading
account? Well, now let me show you some
real trading examples using this exact
strategy and a step-by-step plan on
exactly how I would grow my trading
account using this exact system. All
right. So, here we are on the first
example. This is Apple on the 1 minute
time frame. And as we can see, the time
down here is 9:30. So, of course, the
first thing we have to do is play out
the first 5 minutes of the day. Now, you
can do this using the first 5minute
candle or the first 5 minutes on the 1
minute time frame. And we're simply
going to mark out that previous 5minut
high and we're going to mark out that
5minute low. Now, like I talked about
earlier in the video, all we're looking
for is a break and retest to either
side. So whether that's to the upside or
to the downside. However, now in this
part, we're going to talk about risk,
but along with that, how to actually
scale your trading account as well.
First, we have to wait for our setup
because this is very crucial. If we have
a setup, we must let it work out and we
only trade when we see our repeatable
setup. In this example here, you can see
we got the break above this 5minut high
and now we're coming back for the retest
of that 5-minute high. We can look to
enter into a trade here. Our stop loss
is going to be a break of this upclose
candle and we need at least a 2our
multiple. A two-hour multiple simply
means for every $100 that we want to
risk on a particular trade, we are going
to make $200 of profit on that trade.
Now, of course, this example would be
with shares. So, if we wanted to risk
$100 down here, that means we would make
$200 of profit. And that's only if we
bought shares of this company. However,
like I explained earlier, we can trade
options and this will give us lower risk
but higher reward. In this example, what
I'm going to show you is we can see this
is Apple on April 6th and we're at
around 258. So therefore, what we can do
is simply search up Apple the options
and we're going to search up the Apple
options as we're at 258. Therefore,
we're going to buy the next
psychological number. So, since we're at
258, the one out of the money contract
or calls because we want the stock to go
up is the 260 calls. As we can see with
Apple, these are the 260 calls pulled up
with the actual underlying stock as
well, which once again, you can trade
the stock, but I want to show you the
actual lowrisk trades that we can take
here with just the option shares. And we
can see the options are at 167. Our risk
is a break below this 150 level.
Therefore, per contract, we're risking
about $17 multiplied by, of course, 100.
Therefore, our risk is $17 a contract.
So, if we want to have $100 of risk, we
need to buy six contracts multiplied by
the 17. So, our total risk on this trade
is $12
on the actual option side of this trade.
Now, we know we're risking about $102 on
this trade if it does break below. We
know where our two multiple is. So,
let's play out this trade and see
exactly what happens. And as we can see
here, we hit our 2-hour multiple on this
candle right here. Now, at this area, we
were at $2.31.
And remember, we entered at $167.
This means per contract, we made about
per contract. Remember, we had six
contracts in total, which is $3.84 84
cents multiplied by 100 because this is
the leverage that options does have. And
therefore, our total profit for this
trade using the underlying with the
option contract, we would have made $384
on this trade by simply buying six
contracts of Apple and being able to
ride it for a 2our multiple using an
extremely simple strategy. So now at
this point of the video, what I hope you
understand is even with a small risk
such as $12, you can actually look for
$384
of profit. Now, if you're continuously
able to keep your risk-to-reward above
that 2our multiple trading options, you
will see consistency in your trading.
And this is where I want to bring over
the riskto-reward table. As we can see
with this strategy, typically it sits
around a 60 to 70% win rate. That is
historically where the strategy that I
taught you today sits. And if we have a
2R multiple, meaning for every $100
we're risking, we're making $200 of
profit. You can see we would have
already been profitable even with a 40%
win rate. But with the 60 to 70% win
rate, we're very very comfortably
profitable using the strategy over a
long period of time. So, the only way to
scale our account after understanding
this is by consistently taking these
setups every single day with the right
instruments, whether it's futures,
stocks, or options for you. Now,
remember, I trade live every single day
in the accelerator where I'm showing
these trades in real time with the exact
contracts I'm buying, why I'm buying
them, and of course, it's in real time
in front of hundreds of traders. And
that is to help you see how to use a
system in the real markets, no matter
the capital required. If you would like
to learn more about the accelerator, the
link is going to be in the description.
And if you want more information on the
full strategy or the math behind how to
become a profitable trader, make sure to
click the video on screen. Now, if this
video helped you, make sure to leave it
a like. If you have any questions, put
them in the comments down below.
Subscribe to the channel and I'll see
you next week with a brand new
