We're building this amazing grid
 
management system. It is inspired by
this trading robot on the MQL
marketplace and it has been there for
quite a long time now.
It sells for $2,800, boasts quite a bit
of profit, consecutive months in profit,
and comes with a full documentation
including features, how to install,
requirement, risk settings, strategy,
and all that good stuff. But we will
build it ourselves step by step with all
the functionality and this pretty
looking panel. In the very first video
in this series, we dissected the entire
EA trying to understand how it exactly
works, how does it open trade, how does
it form grids, how does it manage lot
sizes, how does it manage TP and SL, and
what are the small nuances there. And
what we discovered were quite a lot of
smart features built into this. Be it
the lot sizing, be it the TP management,
be it the SL management, be it the grid
management, there were always something
which either had to do with the
volatility in the market or it gave the
user quite a lot of flexibility in terms
of how does he manage the entire grid
system. And then in the second video, we
started building the basis structure for
the coding including all the input
parameters, the input variables, the
global variables, and the basis
structure in itself. And we wrote the
code until this part in the settings
which was the RSI value which determines
where the base trades are going to open
for both buy and sell. And today what
we're going to start to look at is the
lot sizing method. We're going to build
the entire methodology around the low
risk profile, the medium risk profile,
significant risk, high risk based on
either equity or balance, or on deposit
load or fixed lots. And then we will
also handle the function around auto
splitting or in case your lot size
becomes bigger than what the broker
allows, then how do we split it into
many different orders and then send them
one after the other. We will include the
handling of the spreads and slippages
when we're sending the orders and then
we will continue with the development of
grids, how do we open them, at what
distances, and then do we or do we not
apply a smart grading, which is if it is
false, then your grid levels are open at
a fixed distance from each other. Always
defined by the user. But in case you
select the smart distance to be true,
then in that case it's not just this 35
that determines the distance in the
grid, it is also based on ATR values,
the short period and the long period.
And then we look at the short period to
determine the volatility in the market.
If there is more volatility in the
market in the short run than the longer
run, then we increase the size of the
distance in the grid. Quite a smart
feature. Then we will build the coding
around the trade multipliers. So when
you're using these trade multipliers,
your opening trade is open at a certain
lot, but then the lot size continues to
increase depending on what you have
selected here. So for the second trade,
it's going to be a multiplier. So if
you're starting from a lot size one as
the base trade, then you have the option
for the second trade to either go the
same lot size or increase it. And then
you have the flexibility for the third
to the fifth trade to define a different
multiplier. And then from the sixth
trade onward, you have an even different
multiplier that you can use. And in the
subsequent video, we will add a custom
multiplier as well where you can
actually define for level one, level
two, level three, level four, level
five, all of them separately custom
multipliers. And then we will also start
on the grid level to start
functionality, which is a very smart
feature. Now the idea is the entire grid
management system works on this RSI
value, which is from the mean of 50, 15
above and 15 below. That's where you
open the buy and the sell trades. And
then your grading is managed with trade
distances and the smart distancing. But
what if you didn't want to start trading
from the very first level in a stronger
momentum where you're expecting the
price to go against you for quite some
time, why start at the base level? So
what this very cunning grid level to
start system does is if you put here a
three, then that basically means because
we're starting at level three, that for
the first two trade, we're going to put
a dummy trade or a bookmark trade if you
will. The minimum lot sizes here and
here and then only start our grading
from level three, which is quite a smart
actually. Now within that, you have two
different possibilities, which is to
keep or not keep the original profit
level and lot sizing. Which if you
select it to be false, your first two
trades are going to be dummy trades with
the minimum lot size. But when you open
the third trade, it's going to open as
the first lot size calculation based on
the profile that you have selected here.
But if you actually change it to true,
then that's where it gets even more
clever. Now we're going to place dummy
trades, the bookmark trades of minimum
values for the first two trades, yes,
but we will in the background store the
value of those lot sizing as if those
two trades were open with the proper lot
sizing. When we open the third trade, we
open it as if these two were also
properly open and were not just
bookmarked. That's very clever as well.
That is what we're going to cover in
this video.
And then in the next video, we will
start to look at all of the TP settings
including the weighted take profit, the
smart take profit, whether or not to
hide the take profit, and if we hide the
take profit, then to use the OPO method
to actually realize the TPs. Look at the
stop loss settings, once again, whether
or not to hide it from the broker and in
case hidden, then use the OPO method.
And then we will also look at all of the
drawdown controls as well. So basically
by the end of next video, we should be
able to build up all of these settings.
And then in the last video, we will
build up the entire panel. If you're
joining us from here, I would strongly
urge you to start from the first video
because trying to build something
without fully understanding what it is
that we're trying to build is probably
not the best idea. Now obviously these
codes are going to be available in the
store as a reference, but please do
understand. I cannot emphasize enough
the importance of taking the time,
following these videos, and actually
coding these for yourselves. This way
you will learn about the EA and its
intricacies as well. And you will also
learn how to do these kind of things. So
if you have a strategy of your own, you
can later build it yourself. And that
will make me very happy. So with no more
shenanigans, let's start coding the
calculation of the lot sizing. Now
before we start writing the calculation
of the lot size functions,
one thing which people forget and MQL
does not like it
is that the initialization function.
Because all of these calculations and
the indicators, those are loaded into
the memory and then they're stuck there
until you release them. So we're going
to do three things here. The first one
is we're going to go through the array
of any handle because that's going to
equal the number of indexes as the
symbols. So we're going to go through
this and they're going to be the same
for everyone. And then we're going to
release these indicators by using the I.
So loop through the three iterations and
release for all three symbols, these
indicators.
And then we're going to be writing an on
timer function where we're going to
update every 5 seconds. This is what we
have done here in the initialization.
Event set timer.
So let's release that event time key,
event kill timer.
And then if it is not the tester and
it's not the optimization,
so it's live trading, so delete all of
the objects on the chart as well. And in
the end, I mean when we're going to
create the panel,
we're going to create a lot of objects.
So at the end of it or the
initialization, remove all of the stuff
from the chart as well. So delete all
objects. If you still want to continue
having the panel even when you close the
EA, just remove this part. I'm going to
hit compile
and it's fine. So let's go down to our
calculation of the lot size function and
let's start building it. So we get a lot
of information from our broker, so we
get the volume steps, the minimum
volume, the maximum volume, and the
volume limit. And if the step is less
than 0.0001, which is going to be a very
funny step, most brokers have 0.01, then
in that case we set it to 0.001. So I
think in case of Bitcoin is where you
can have 0.001 as well on certain
brokers. Then we also get the value of
free margin, the balance, and the
equity.
And then in the tester, if the user has
selected to use fixed initial deposit
and the initial balance is greater than
epsilon, meaning we're checking that
it's a valid value here,
fixed initial deposit.
And for the initial balance, we come
back up here in the initialization
function.
And before the in succeed, we write
initial balance is equal to account
balance. So in tester, this is going to
be equal
to whatever you put as the initial
deposit. So if this is greater than
epsilon, so it is a valid value, and the
fixed initial deposit is true, which is
basically the user is asking that run
the tester as if whatever profit is
made, I'm going to take it out and I'm
always going to have the initial
deposit, the initial balance, this
10,000 always in the tester.
Then in that case, free margin becomes
initial balance, balance becomes initial
balance, equity becomes initial balance
because that's never going to change.
But that's only in the tester. Then
we're going to get the margin
requirement.
We're going to write a function get
margin required sending it the symbol
and get leverage
sending it symbol. And then we start
with a lot size equals zero. So let's go
down again to the bottom where we're
going to have our helper functions. And
here we're going to have get margin
required for the symbol where we're
going to start with the margin zero,
attempt zero, and then while the margin
remains less than epsilon, so as long as
it remains zero, and the attempt is less
than three, and the symbol is not equal
to question mark, question mark,
question mark. I mean normally in MQL5,
if the symbol is blank, then it comes
back as blank. But it's more valid for
MT4 where sometimes the symbol value can
actually come back to be question mark
question mark question mark. So, as long
as less than three attempts and the
margin is zero, we increase the number
of attempts so that the next time it's
attempt two.
So, if it's attempt one, sleep for 100
seconds. Attempt two, it sleep for 1,000
second. Attempt three, sleep for 2,000
second. And then we're going to
calculate order margin
by sending buy type order for the
symbol, one lot size on ask, and store
the value into this variable margin.
But, because we're saying not, meaning
if it fails,
if you are able to put in the margin
here, great, but if it fails, then
margin equals zero.
So, that the next time the margin is
still below the epsilon and we do.
Now, if the attempt becomes three and
the margin is still below epsilon, then
failed to get the margin
after three attempts. Otherwise, return
the margin. And then we're going to do
the same thing for leverage. So, we
start with leverage. We get the leverage
because here we had to calculate and
here we can just simply get the
leverage. But, if the leverage turns out
to be less than epsilon, then we do
exactly the same thing, three attempts.
So, exactly the same thing and set
trying to set the leverage to account
leverage.
And after three attempts, if it's still
below epsilon, then we failed to get the
account leverage after three attempts.
Otherwise, return leverage. So, we go
back to our calculate lot size function.
So, now we have this and we have this.
We got the leverage and we got the
margin. And then we're going to switch
through lot size method, which is going
to look through the members from this
enum. So, it's going to look through all
of these three, three, six, eight
different possibilities. So, we need to
look through all these eight different
possibilities. So, we're going to start
with switch lot size method, switch
through all of the possibilities. Now,
if the case is fixed lots,
then in that case, lots become the lot
size fixed value, which the user has
provided. If it is lots balance, then
we're going to calculate base from value
by sending the balance value, margin
required leverage and step. If it is
based on equity, then we're going to
calculate from value by sending the
equity. Then if it's deposit load,
then we're going to calculate from
deposit load, sending free margin,
margin requirement, leverage and step.
And then if it is based on risk
percentage, 1.5% load,
we're going to create a function which
we're going to call calculate from risk,
sending in the free margin, margin
required leverage and 1.5. If it is
high, then we're going to send one. If
it's mid, then we're going to send 0.5.
And if it's low, then we're going to
send 0.25. This is what we had
put in the enum here. 0.25% load, 0.5%
load, 1% load, and 1.5% load. We're
going to create all of these functions.
So, let's come down here and we're going
to create the first one, which is
to calculate the lots from value, either
balance or equity. We come down here
outside the loop and then we create this
function. And we're going to send to it
the account value from here, which we
have already calculated, the balance,
the equity. So, we can send the balance
or the equity, the divisor, which is
going to be the lot size dynamic value.
So, up here the user defines lot sizing
dynamic values, a dynamic lot. So,
balance equity base, meaning for a
$10,000
you open one lot. So, that's the
divisor. Then the margin required,
which we calculated, get margin
required, and then the leverage
that we also got here,
and then the step, the value that we got
from the broker.
So, we're going to send all of these
values. So, in case of lots balance,
we're going to send the balance. And
then we take the divisor and make it
absolute because in case of equity, it
might be a negative value, so we want an
absolute number.
And then the lots are going to become
account value divided by the absolute
divisor. So, if the account value is
1,000, then divided by 10,000 that the
user has input,
so we get one.
And then we multiply it by 0.01 because
that is the lot size that we're going to
get for every one every 10,000
every 10,000 balance. And then divide by
step, multiply by step, and then round
it. And then return the lots. So, this
is how we're going to calculate the lots
from value, whether equity or balance.
Then the next function we're going to
write is from deposit load
that the user can specify here himself
of what that load is.
So, we write that formula. Once again,
we're going to check margin required is
not less than 0.0001, so it is a
definite value. This is a definite value
and this is a definite value that the
user has provided.
Otherwise, we cannot calculate and we
return zero.
Otherwise, what we do is
we take the free margin divided by
margin,
which is going to give us the maximum
number of lots one can open
because if the margin required is 500
and you have 1,000 as free margin, you
can open two lots.
But, the margin required depends on
This is why we're going to normalize for
leverage and because you're multiplying
these two together, so these will cancel
each other out. So, in case of 500
leverage, your margin required is going
to be smaller,
but so will your
normalizer. That will also be smaller.
So, the multiplication of that So, for
example, I mean, let me give you a very
quick example. So, let's say you have
100 leverage and you have 500 leverage.
Now, free margin divided by margin
required, in case of 100 leverage,
you're going to require more margin, so
let's suppose the maximum trades that
you can open is two. And in case of 500
leverage, the max number of trades that
you can open is 10 because you have more
leverage. So, your margin requirement is
is smaller. Then this 100 divided by
leverage is going to be equals to one,
but this 100 divided by leverage in case
of a 500 leverage is going to be 0.2.
So, your actual is going to turn out to
be this normalizer multiplied by the
maximum lots that you can open. So, two
multiplied by one will equal two.
And in this case, 10 multiplied by 0.2
is also going to equal two because we
are calculating for deposit load. So, we
need to cancel out the effect of the
margin and the leverage.
So, leverage is going to impact the
margin and five times the margin is
basically means that you can open five
times the number of trades. If with one
to one hundred, you could open two
trades,
but then if you have a five times
leverage, 500, then you can open five
times the trade.
But, that is then normalized by 100
divided by the leverage because 100
divided by 100 is going to be one, but
100 divided by 500 is going to be 0.2,
which is five times less.
So, five times higher because of the
margin required, but five times smaller
because of the
leverage normalizer will give you
exactly the same result.
So, this is where we are neutralizing
the leverage and then it is just down to
lot size deposit load divided by 100.
So, if the user has set 2.5, so 2.5
divided by 100 to get a 2.5%.
And then we divide by step, multiply by
step to round it up to to to do a proper
rounding. And then we math floor it, so
we always round it down because we don't
want to over leverage. So, this is the
calculation of the lots from deposit
load. And then we're going to create a
calculation from risk. So, calculation
from risk. Once again, we're going to
check if this is a valid value, a valid
value.
Otherwise, once again, this is the
leverage normalizer.
This is the maximum number of trades you
can open based on the margin required.
But, this time instead of the lot size
deposit that the user can specify, we
are sending
preset risk settings
and then doing exactly the same, divide
by 100 to convert it into a percentage
and then divide by step, multiply by
step, and math floor. So, these two
formulas are practically the same.
The only thing is here we're sending the
values and here we're not sending a
value, so the it comes from lot sizing
lot size deposit load that the user can
specify.
So, these are the functions that we are
using here. And then we're going to do a
quick check
that our maximum multiplier
on any of the symbol
run all the way to the maximum number of
trades that you can have in a grid is
not going to exceed the broker's maximum
number of lots allowed. I mean, for now,
type this, but then once we have written
all the functions, then I'll come back
and explain what is happening here. So,
that the lot size throughout the entire
grid all together cannot exceed the
maximum number of lots that you can
have.
So, this max grid multiplier, let's go
down in our helper functions and we
write it
here, the total function, which is
basically we're going to loop through
the symbol arrays, all three of them or
all four of them, however many
currencies. And then we are trying to
get the maximum multiplier
between those three symbols.
So, if symbol one has a multiplier of X,
but
symbol two has a multiplier which is
larger than X, then we want to get the
maximum multiplier.
So, what we're going to do is we're
going to loop through the symbol arrays,
all currencies, and then we're going to
check. We start with a zero value and
then if the max lot multiplier max grid
lot multiplier on that symbol
is bigger than whatever is currently
stored in max multiplier, then we
increase it or we change the max
multiplier to the higher multiplier.
And and we loop through all of the
currencies. So, in the end, the max
multiplier is going to be the max grid
lot multiplier of whichever currency has
the biggest value and then we return
that max multiplier. So, that's how
we're going to get the max grid
multiplier. And then we're going to
calculate, this is just to get it,
but then we're also going to calculate
the grid lot multiplier. So, we're going
to start with a
a starting lot of 0.1
where the total lots is also 0.1.
And then we're going to go through from
level one to level maximum number of
trades that the user has allowed in a
grid
minus one because it always starts at
zero. And then what we're going to do is
we're going to calculate the grid lot
size for that level starting at the
starting lot
going all the way up to the level that
we're going to
that we are checking here and then add
it to the total lots of 0.1 because that
is our starting lot. And then if we
divide the total lots that we're going
to get here by the starting lot that's
going to give us the multiplier. So, for
example, if the starting lot is 0.1 and
looping through all of the levels and
adding it to the total lots, we're
starting at 0.1 but then we're adding
after calculating for the next level
what the lot size should be. So, in the
end the total lots is going to be the
total sum of the lot for all the levels
hypothetically if all of them were
placed. So, if we get that total and if
we divide it by the start lot then we're
going to get the multiplier. So, this is
how we're going to calculate the
multiplier for the currency pair that
we're sending to this function. So, this
is how we will calculate and store the
value of the max lot multiplier and this
function we're going to use to get the
value that we have stored in these
through this this function. Now, in
order to calculate the max grid lot
multiplier we're using this function
where we're going to be sending the
value of the start lot and
what level that we are getting it for
to get the lot size back.
So, we need to create that function as
well.
But for now I will just stub it at the
end
that calculate the grid lot.
And by the way, these three functions
we can take them from here. I'm going to
cut it.
And we put
probably the best place for them is
going to be in the section of lot size
functions
because these are related to lot sizes
even the multiplier. So, I'm going to
paste it here. So, for now I'm just
going to stub it at 0.1 but what this
function is supposed to do later on is
that we're going to send to it a level
and we're going to get back for that
level
what the lot size should be. And this is
what we're going to use here in the
calculate max grid lot starting at 0.1
but then looping through the levels from
level one all the way to the maximum
trades minus one
and then getting the lot size of what
that level lot size should be
adding it back to the total lots which
is the same value as lots starting
so that we get the total lots for the
entire grid to the maximum.
And then we divide one by the other to
get the multiplier. Then we're going to
store the multiplier into that symbol
currencies max grid lot multiplier max
grid lot multiplier for every currency
and then we will be able to get the max
grid multiplier across the year for all
the currencies by looping through all of
the currencies
comparing their max grid lot multiplier
and then getting whatever is the highest
of the those multipliers. So, for now
let's go back to
our calculate lot size function which we
are writing. But before that, now that
we have written this function even
though it is a stub for now, but this is
first time going to be called in the
parse and initialize symbols.
So, after this line
we're going to also assign the max lot
grid multiplier
to the functions while we are parsing
and initializing them by using the
calculate max grid lot multiplier that
we have created. We haven't written the
codes within it but at least now we have
created that function. And that
function's job is to calculate for the
symbol what is the max grid lots
multiplier is and then is store that
value into the symbol array. And this we
should also do here. So, in after
initializing the symbol data, we're
going to do the same as well. So, if it
is not a tester then it's live
environment so we're doing this but if
it is the tester then it's just one
symbol so we're going to send that
symbol. Now, back again to calculate lot
size. After doing this check we're going
to do another check which is the grid
level to start. Remember we had
an option for the user to say grid level
to start is one or what? I mean one is a
default value but the user might also
say it's like okay, well the normally
with the RSI value the grid should open
here
and then then the first level should be
here and then second level should be
here and the third level should be here
but I don't want to trade the level
zero, level one and level two. I want to
start from level three because I'm in
any case expecting the price to go
against me
so I would rather start opening the
trades later.
But in order to calculate all of the lot
sizing properly
we will still have to stub
a 0.01 the minimum lot size at the base
at the level one at level two before
this level that the user has defined has
hit. And this is why here in our
calculation of the lot sizes, if the
grid level to start is greater than one
meaning the user has specified that we
should actually start lot sizing like
from level three or level four then
level zero, one and two we need to set
the lot size to minimum lot to just
place a trade so that we have a grid
but not with the actual lots but just a
placeholder with the minimum amount
possible. And then we normalize the lot
size by creating a function normalize
lot size
sending into it the symbol and the lot
size because it can be different digits
or different requirements for the steps
and then we just return the lot size.
So, this is our calculate lot size
function and now we need to write this
normalize the lot size function so let's
maybe come down here before the get
multiplier.
This is where we're going to create this
function which is again we're going to
get the step and the minimum volume.
And the lot size is going to be lot size
divided by step multiplied by step so
that's just a rounding and math round.
And then if the lot size turns out to be
less than the minimum lot acceptable by
the broker then in that case lot size
become minimum lot. And then we get the
digits and then we normalize the lot
size to the number of digits. So, this
is how we will normalize the lot size.
Let's compile. We seem to be okay. Now,
we can run and check whether or not our
lot sizing is working.
And now you can see that our lot sizes
are now being calculated
based on the values that we
have selected in our input. But by the
way, let's go back again and we're going
to remove the commented out tester hide
indicators
so that we don't end up seeing the
indicators. So, if I run now we see that
the lot sizes are working.
For the initial trade we still haven't
written the grid
so it's 0.03 coming out here but if I go
back to the input and I let's suppose
change it to higher risk setting
then we get a different lot size.
And then if I go fixed lots
then that case we're getting fixed lots.
If I go based on balance but let's
change this to I don't know a thousand
is 0.1 lot per thousand and our balance
is
10,000.
So, we should be getting a 0.1.
If it was based on every I don't know
500 then we should be getting 0.2.
And we're getting 0.2.
At this point we have written opening up
of the first trade based on RSI and we
have written the calculation of the lot
sizes for the first trade. And now in
the next section we will start to write
grid related functions where we're going
to open up the grids based on the
distances that the user has specified.
And then also do the calculation of the
lot sizes
for the next layers in the grid. So, now
we're going to continue with our grid
management so we're going to open up the
grids
and manage all the levels for the lot
size and everything. Remember we wrote a
special magic number for every trade.
So, now we need a helper function for us
to be able to decode it as well. So,
we're going to go up and just below the
structure we're going to create
a class and there are going to be four
elements in the class which is M base,
UID, magic base and digits. Then we will
be calling its functions magic helpers
we're going to be sending it the base
value and the UID value and we're going
to assign the base value to M underscore
base the one that we have created here,
UID to UID, M magic base is going to be
equal to base plus the UID because UID
is the instance so if we have 84570
then 84570 plus one and then M digits is
the number of digits in this magic base.
So, we're going to convert it to string
and then we're going to get the length
of that string
and store it here. And then we're going
to write a few helper functions within
this class which we can call upon. So,
the first one is get base.
So, whenever we will call get base
we're basically asking for the magic
number for base plus UID so just return
the magic base. And then the second
function we're going to create is get
direction magic
meaning get base only or get the
direction plus the base
and we're going to send it the direction
so whether it's a buy or it's a sell,
and in that case, return the 10 raised
to the power 7 because M digit is equal
to 5. Our days is 84570, so it's five
digits plus two times the direction, so
whatever we're going to send, either
we're going to send one or two, and then
plus to it the magic base times 100,
meaning this number. So, for buy, it's
going to become 1
10 raised to the power five times the
direction, so times one, and plus the
times 100. So, it's going to be
18457000.
So, we're getting a magic number with
direction like this without the levels.
So, the levels are going to be zero.
Then, get level magic, meaning this time
around we're asking for the level as
well. So, we're going to send direction
and the level. So, now our calculation
is going to be this plus this, but then
plus the level as well. Let's say if the
level is two, then what we are going to
get in the end is this number. So, now
we have the direction, the base magic
number including the UID and the level
digits. Exactly the same way, but here
we're including the level as well. Then,
another function we're going to create
that we can call upon is is our order.
And we're going to send the magic
number. I mean, when we get from the
position the magic number, we can send
it here to check if it is our order. And
then we start with if the magic number
is less than or equal to zero, then just
return false, that it's not ours, it
might be a manual trade. And then the
prefix is going to be magic number
divided by 100 because, for example, if
this is the magic number that comes
back, if this was the magic number, then
we're basically saying this divided by
100, and it will return 184570.
So, it will be without the level, the
prefix. So, dividing it by 100, as we
are creating it as an int, so it's going
to be rounded down. So, you're going to
get 184570,
and that's going to be our buy prefix.
And then buy prefix is magic base plus
the 10 raised to the power five, the
number of digits. So, the buy prefix
becomes the magic number base, so 84570
plus 100000,
10 raised to the power five, so it's
going to become 184570.
And that will always be our prefix for
buy, no matter what magic number we're
going to create, because of the way we
we create the magic numbers.
Here, for example, the prefix is always
going to be for the buy 184570
because the last two digits are level.
So, this is our buy prefix, and in case
of sell, we multiply the 10 raised to
the power five by two, so then it
becomes 84570 plus 1 10 raised to the
power five, but this one is times two.
So, this is going to become 284570.
So, this is always going to be our
prefix for a sell trade. Our sell trade
will always have this number, and our
buy trade is going to have this number
depending on the UID instance, but the
UID is going to become constant, so it's
either going to be 870 or 871, 872 up to
nine. But this is how we we're going to
create the magic number. So, now we can
read the magic number exactly the same
way as well. So, when we send the magic
number, we divide it by 100 to get the
prefix,
and then we can check it against the
prefix. So, if the prefix is equal to
this prefix or the prefix that we're
getting from the magic number is equal
to this prefix, then it is our order.
So, in that case, either or, in that
case, this is our order, so we're going
to return a true. So, this is how we're
going to check the magic numbers. Now,
if we get the magic number from a
position and we want to check the
direction from the magic number, we're
going to send to it the magic number,
then we're going to check if it is our
magic number
by running this function. And if it is
not, then we return zero, but if it is,
then prefix is equals to magic divided
by 100, that we have done here as well,
so you basically remove the last two
digits, and then it is the prefix.
Then, if it is the buy prefix or the
sell prefix. So, we create the buy and
sell prefix again exactly the same way
as we have done here. If the prefix
equals buy prefix, then return one,
meaning it's a buy because we're trying
to get the direction from the magic. And
if the prefix equals sell prefix,
meaning this prefix, then return two.
So, we can send the magic number, remove
the two digits, and then it's going to
be either this or this.
So, we can check versus the buy prefix
and sell prefix
whether it's this number or this number.
If it is this number, then we know that
it's a buy, so we return one. If it's
this number, then we know that it is a
sell, so we return two.
So, this way, by using this function and
sending to it the magic number, we can
check whether or not it's our magic
first, and then if it is our magic
number, then we can check what is the
direction, whether it's a buy or it's a
sell. And then the last thing we're
going to create here is to get the level
from the magic number, which is very
simple. We're going to send to it the
magic number. We're going to first check
whether or not this magic number which
is coming is our order by using this
And then if it is, then it's basically
magic percentage two, which is get the
last two digits of the magic number. So,
whatever is the magic number, the
percentage two basically means in MQL
that get the last two digits. So, get
this these two. So, this is how we're
going to get the level numbers as well.
So, these are all the functions that we
have created in this helper class, magic
helper, which we can use, and then we
close the class. And because it's a
class, so you don't just close it with a
curly bracket, you also put a semicolon
just like a coding statement. So, this
is our class. And we compile,
and everything is fine. Now that we have
created this class, we need to
initialize it in a way, and we can do it
here just after we have written all of
these global variables. We're going to
initiate this here by sending to it
the magic number base and UID. And why
we are eating writing it here is because
this is after the magic number base and
the UID value.
So, once we have established these two
values, this is where we initialize it
so that these values can be sent back to
this magic helper because that's what we
said we're going to send it to base and
we're going to send it to UID.
So, here we can send it because we have
already established them
and here.
I'll compile it again just to make sure,
and it's fine. And now we can go back
down to our grids part because now we're
going to start creating all the
functions which are going to be related
to opening of the grids and management
of the grids. So, the first one, grid
exists. What we're going to send to it
is the symbol,
the level,
and the direction. And we're basically
asking if the grid exists at this level
for this direction. Now, if we send
minus one, it's going to be we're asking
for a sell. If we are sending it a plus
one, then we are asking for a buy. So,
what we're going to do is we're going to
loop through all of the positions,
looping through all positions total, and
then we say if position by select sales,
then print this, that order select
failed. Otherwise, you have selected the
first position. We're going from zero
all the way to the total number of
positions minus one because we're saying
less than positions total. Then we're
sending it the symbol ourselves, so we
can check if the position info symbol,
so the position which is selected, if
the symbol of that position is not equal
to our symbol, then it's not a position
that we are interested in, so continue.
So, go to the next position. Don't do
anything below, just go to the next
iteration. Then we're going to get the
magic number, so we create a magic
number, and we say position info magic
number, so we get that and store it into
this variable. And then using our helper
class, we can check whether or not it's
our magic number. So, this helper class
that we have created is magic is our
order, that's what we're going to use
here.
Is our order and send it the magic
number. So, if the return value is
false, so it is not our magic number,
then it's not a position opened by this
instance of the EA, so we're not
interested in this. So, continue,
meaning go to the next position, but if
it is our magic number, then get the
direction from magic.
Remember, we just created the helper
class to get the direction from the
magic number. So, get the direction
whether it's a buy or it's a sell, and
we store it into order direction. And
then we say that the direction that we
are sending here, if that is one,
and the direction that we got from the
magic number is not one, then it's also
a trade we're not interested in. Go to
the next position. Then if the direction
is minus one, what we're sending here,
because we're going to send one for buy
and minus one for sell. If we're sending
the direction as sell, minus one,
and
what has returned from get the direction
of the magic is not two because for the
sell, the the value that returns here is
two. Look back at the magic function
that we created. So, when we get the
direction, if it is a sell prefix, then
return two. So, when we're asking here,
we're going to send minus one if it's a
sell.
We're checking for a sell grid, plus one
if we are checking for a buy grid, and
zero if we are checking for any grid,
sell or buy. So, if it is not equal to,
then continue as well. Continue meaning
go to the next position. And then we're
going to check for the order level once
again by using our helper function.
We're going to send to it the magic, and
we're going to ask for the level.
That's also something we created in the
helper function here to get the level
from the magic. So, we're going to send
the magic number and ask for the level.
And then we say if the level is greater
than zero, meaning it is a valid value,
but the order level isn't the level that
we are sending to be checked, then leave
this position and go next as well. And
if all of that matches, then in that
case, return true, that there is a grid
that exists with that level, with that
direction. And if you loop through all
of the positions and you haven't
returned true, which means you couldn't
find a position for that level and
direction, in that case return false.
So now with this function, for any
symbol,
we can send a specific level number, or
we can send minus one, which basically
means we're not interested in the
levels, we're just interested in if the
grid exists up to whatever level, and we
can send the direction by saying minus
one if you're only looking for sell, if
it exists,
plus one if you're only a buy grid, if
or zero if we are looking for any grid
exists, whether it's a buy or sell. And
then we can run through this loop, and
it's going to return true if our
conditions are met.
So this is our grid exists function.
Let's compile to see everything is fine,
and yes, we're okay. And now we're going
to go back to our on tick function, and
here after the symbol updates, we're
going to check and if trading is
allowed, which is the first function
that we created in the helper function,
if trading is allowed, then in that
case,
run this function, check and open grid
orders for the index that we are
currently on. So this is where we're
going to start writing the codes for
opening of the grid orders. So let's go
back to our grid related functions, and
we're going to create a function by the
name check and open grid orders. And
we're only going to send to it the
symbol index.
The first thing we're going to do is
we're going to convert the symbol index
into the proper symbol name by getting
the symbol name for that index from that
structure variables that we have created
and we have looked at many, many times.
And then we're going to do a quick
validation that if the maximum number of
trades is less than one, which basically
means that is the maximum number of
trade on a symbol allowed is just one or
less, so you cannot open a grid, or the
trade multiplier third is less than or
equal to zero, which means that the user
has not provided a valid value for the
trade multiplier, or the trade distance
is zero, which is less than the epsilon,
which means the trade distance is not
there. So in that case return as well,
just exit the function because the
values are not correct. And then we're
going to get the spread, the point, and
the digits from the broker for the for
our symbol, and then we're going to do a
check grid direction. So we're going to
write this function,
and we're going to send to it symbol
index, the order type buy, because we're
going to check for a buy grid, and then
open a buy grid if we need to open up
another level. We're going to send to it
the spreads, which we're getting here.
We're going to send to it the point that
we're getting here, and we're going to
send to it the digits that we're getting
And we're going to do the same for the
sell as well, because we don't want to
to complicate everything within this
function, so now we're going to go for a
check grid direction for buy and for
sell separately into separate functions.
So we will start with check grid
direction. We're only going to write one
function, and we can run it twice for
buy and for sell. So we're sending to it
in symbol index, order type, spread,
point, and digits. So as always, we're
going to convert the symbol index to
symbol name, then we're going to set the
direction
because we're
sending this value here as order type.
So if order type is order type buy, so
the value sent to this function is order
type buy, then the direction is one,
otherwise it's minus one. So for sell,
it's minus one, for buy, it's one. And
now we can check if the grid exists. So
if we have sent a buy order, then in
that case this is going to be buy, so we
get a grid exists check for current
symbol, level zero meaning we don't
really care for the levels, and then
sending it the direction one meaning
check if a buy grid exists for level
zero that we don't care. I mean there
needs to be just one trade, and if
nothing exists, there is no trade at
all, a buy trade, and in that case just
simply return.
And if we are sending the next time as
sell, then order type is going to be
sell, so it's going to be minus one. So
we're going to be sending minus one
here. So we're checking if the grid
exists for sell. Even if there is one
position for sell, and this is why I'm
saying zero. And if zero positions are
there, then in that case, not even the
first position is there, so what are we
going to build the grid on? So we don't
need to do anything, just return meaning
exit this function. But if the grid does
exist, whether it's just the initial
um position, or there is a grid with one
or two levels, or three levels, or
whatever number of levels,
so we come down here,
and then we get the total lots by
getting the total lots in the grid by
sending in the symbol, level zero,
direction, and this false. And when we
will create the function, we will see
what this false is. And then the current
price is equal to from the symbol array,
we get the close price. Remember we set
the close price,
I think in the update symbol
information, we set the close price here
to the last candle's close,
and that's what we're getting here as
well. So get that value back for the
And then for the average price, we're
going to create a function get weighted
average price by sending in the symbol,
level, and direction. So for now, I'm
going to come down, so let's close this
function. So we close down this
function, and then below this, I'm going
to create the get weighted average
price. We're going to send to it symbol,
level, and direction. And for now, I'm
just saying return zero.
And the get total lots in grid function
that we have already stopped before, so
that's the function that we're going to
get here, we're using here. We're going
to write this function later. We're
going to check for what levels are
already there, so that we can know that
the next one that we are creating is
going to be level last plus one.
So we're going to start at level one,
and we're going to loop through
every time increasing the value of the
level by one until the maximum trades
minus one.
So the first thing we're going to do is
we're going to check whether that level
already exists,
and we can check it in the grid exists
by this time sending the symbol and the
actual value of the level, because now
we're going to check that this level
exists, so level one exists, level two
exists, and sending it the direction
that we have. So if it's a buy order, we
send the buy direction. So if grid
exists, meaning this level already
exists, or we actually check for this
bar if the grid is already open, because
remember we wrote in our open market
order, we wrote that for the symbol
index
uh after opening the trade, grid open
becomes true. So if on this bar, if the
grid has already been open on this bar,
then we don't want to do it again. We
don't want to open another grid on the
same bar.
So if this is true, or if this is true,
that the grid already exists for this
level, then in that case, continue,
meaning check the next level then. So
we're going to continue looping until,
let's say if there are already two grid
two levels open, then level one, we're
going to continue, go back to level two,
then continue, and then it's going to be
level three, and level three doesn't
exist.
So if level three doesn't exist, we're
going to come down to this line, and
we're going to start
putting together the data which is
required for opening the trade level
three. So first we're going to get the
required distance, which is going to be
the trade distance times the level. So
for the level zero, it was zero, but the
next the level one is going to be 35 *
1, then level two is going to be 35 * 2,
then 35 * 3 for level three. So how far
it needs to be
based on what the user has defined in
the trade distance times the number of
level which we're going to create.
That's the required distance. And then
we're going to actually change this
required distance into the price
distance by saying required distance
times point, then get the multiplier, so
whether it's five digits or three
digits, then it's 10, otherwise it's
one, and multiply it by the smart
distance multiplier, so that if the
volatility is 1.2, we take the 35, and
we actually multiply it by 1.2 as well
to to create the additional distance.
Remember we stopped it between one and
1.5. And then the price difference
variable is going to be current price
minus the average price, and the average
price we're going to get from this
function, and the current price we're
going to get from the close of the last
bar on this symbol. So now we know what
is the price difference between the
average price of our grid, which we're
going to get from here, and what the
current price is in the market. So then
we can create a bool that has the price
reached the level that we want to, and
then if it's the order type buy, then
the price reach is going to be if the
price difference is less than minus
price distance. And if it is a sell,
then it's greater than the price
distance, because sell trades, the
levels are going to be above, and for
the buy, the levels are going to be
below. And in this case, it needs to be
smaller than the negative price
distance. So negative 35, negative 42.
If the price has dropped negative 42,
then it has definitely passed minus 35.
So this is why we're checking that it is
a smaller than the negative price
distance. And in case of the sell, we're
going to be putting the levels above, so
it is from the whatever last level, plus
35 is the
the price distance that needs to be
there. And if the price has gone even
above, so it is above the price
distance. And then if it's not price
reached, then in that case just continue
uh because we haven't reached the level,
so what's the point?
So we just continue. And then we have
this is special function of grid level
to start where we were going to put 0.01
0.01 0.01 until whatever the user has a
specified that this is the level from
which to start the actual grading. So
this is why we say initial stop loss is
zero. We create a variable and then if
the grid level to start is greater than
one and in that case initial lot is
going to be get total lots for the
symbol is starting at grid level to
start minus one because that's where the
actual lot size starts sending in the
direction and then saying false. We are
still to create this function so we're
going to come back to it as well. And
then we say that the lot size is going
to be equal to calculate the grid lot
size sending to its symbol total lots
level and the initial lot. And then from
this function if the lot size turns back
to be zero then basically we couldn't
calculate the lot size so continue go to
the next level and then if everything
has been successful so far then in that
case open the grid order of another
function we will create by sending to it
the symbol index order type level and
lot size.
And in that case again the grid open is
going to turn to true
and the op triggered is going to be
equals to true as well and then sleep
for 5,000 seconds. So this is if
everything checks out we actually open
the grid order by calling upon this
function that we're going to create. So
now we're going to start creating the
functions that we need to create so
let's start with calculate grid lot size
which is going to be the lot size for
the grids. We already have one for the
calculate lot size which is for the
initial trade and now we're going to
write one for the grid. So let's write
it and what we're going to be sending to
it we're going to need to send to it the
symbol the current total lots which are
already on the grid so if it is at level
three how many how many lots are there
in the grid already what is the level
and what is the initial lot because
remember here in the grid distance
multiplier so you had the multipliers so
depending on which level it is we're
going to have to multiply it by the lot
multiplier. So we create this function
and we're going to get the value of the
step minimum volume maximum volume and
volume limit for the symbol from the
broker and then we're going to check if
the step from the broker turns out to be
0.0001
then we change it to 0.001 which is the
Bitcoin lowest step just to streamline
the stepping. And then we're going to
create two variables one is the result
and we're going to start it with the
minimum lot and the base lot is whatever
lots we have sent here as the total
lots. So this is going to be the base on
which we're going to do our calculation
and then we're going to have to do that
a special function grid level to start
if the user has put it as more than one
then if the initial lot that we're
sending here is less than 0.099
then in that case we calculate the lot
size by sending the symbol to calculate
lot size as false based on if it is an
initial order or not and come down here
if the grid level to start was greater
than one and initial order then the lot
size was minimum lot. But because here
we're sending the next level in the grid
so it's not an initial order so we're
going to go false for the if it is
initial order because it is not the
initial order so we're going to send to
it the false. And then we're going to
check if the current level for which we
are because we're going to be sending
this from here the level number after
checking here how many levels have been
achieved
or already are there in the grid we're
creating the next level so the level
value is going to come here.
And then if that level is still below
where to start the grid level properly
then in that case we take the base lot
which is the current lot times the
multiplier and the multiplier we're
going to get it from multiplier for the
level function. Otherwise if we are
saying keep original profit lot size and
it's not auto split then if the level is
grid level to start minus one meaning we
have reached the level where we are
going to start creating the lots
then the result is going to be initial
lots otherwise
we get the multiplier for the level grid
level to start minus one and then level
multiplier is for that level we get the
multiplier for level from there and then
the result is going to become initial
lot divided by the start multiplier
times the level multiplier. Otherwise
the level start if level minus the grid
start minus one and then double
multiplier is going to be equal to get
the multiplier for level from start and
lot
times the multiplier and then we close
this else loop and we close this else
loop and then we close
the if the grid level to start. So if
you have changed
this from one to maybe two maybe three
maybe four this is what we're accounting
for here. I suppose that this is a
complex one so maybe what I will do is I
will make a separate video to explain
the working of if you were wanting to
start the grid level from more than one
what exactly every step is doing. For
now if you don't understand it just
write it like this
and then we'll come back in another
video because that's this one is
probably going to take half an hour to
an hour just to explain this function
because if you are not changing this
value if if you are using the EA as a
normal grid which is is start wherever
start but not like it start from level
three level four
then this else is what you are more
interested to get the multiplier for
this specific level that we are going to
create and then the result becomes base
lot whatever is the lot size from the
base times that multiplier for that
level and then we close the function. So
we're going to get the multiplier for
the level and then we're going to
multiply it with the base lot because
that's what we are supposed to be doing
here which is you get whatever is the
base lot and then the second time the
multiplier is going to be one
then from there it's going to be
multiplied by two so get the multiplier
for that particular level and then we're
going to do the multiplication of the
So let's write that function get
multiplier for level. So what we're
going to send to it is the level we're
just going to send to it the level and
then we're going to try and get what
should be the multiplier for that level.
So now if the level is less than or
equal to zero then just return one
because then the multiplier is simply
one you don't make any change to the
actual lot size but then we go double a
multiplier equals one so we start with a
value of one and then we're going to
loop through from I until whatever
number of level which has been sent. So
we're going to loop through it then if I
equals one so if it is level one
then the multiplier is equal to trade
multiplier two times the multiplier one
which is this one.
So second trade multiplier whatever the
user has chosen here that is going to be
the multiplier which we're going to
multiply with one which is basically
mean multiplied by one means that number
itself. If it's between two and four
which is here from third to fifth trade
and why we're saying two to four is
because the first trade that we open is
level zero second trade that we open
it's level one so the third to fifth
trade is actually level two to three in
that case we're going to use the trade
multiplier third
which is this one otherwise which means
it is bigger than five which is this one
so six trade onward we're going to use
this multiplier. So we're sending this
multiplier back.
We close the for loop and then we return
the multiplier. So once again level zero
like the first time the trade opens and
that we calculate in the calculate lot
size
but when it comes down to the level we
can get the multiplier for the level by
sending the level. We're going to loop
through all the levels and if it is one
then it's the multiplier second this one
between the third and the fifth trade
once again the index starts at zero so
it's third to fifth trade is this one
and then sixth trade onward so this is
why else it is this one. So this is what
we're doing here get the multiplier for
level. So now we can go back to
calculate
grid lot size and we were here.
We going to round the result to the step
size which is basically result divided
by step multiplied by step. We're going
to apply the limit so if the result
turns out to be less than the minimum
lot allowed by the broker then results
becomes the minimum lot. So these are
validation checks and then if the result
is greater than the max lot
and it's not auto split we're not
allowed to split the lots into two then
in that case result becomes the max lot.
If the result is bigger than the limit
lot then result becomes limit lot.
So these are all the validation that
we're doing against these values that we
got from the broker for the symbol. And
then we basically do this where we're
saying that if the step is very close to
0.01 meaning it's between this value and
this value it's very close to 0.01 then
normalize to three decimal places if it
is close to 0.1 meaning it is between
this number and this number
then normalize to two decimal places if
it is very close to 0.1
then normalize to one decimal place and
if the step is very close to one
so it's between this number and this
number then normalize to zero because on
certain brokers you might get the value
of the step not exactly a 0.01 but you
get 0.0100000001.
I mean sometimes there is a very small
decimal because it is not written to the
specific digits so this is why we're
normalizing based on digits that if the
step is very close to one 0.01 then
normalize to three otherwise two
otherwise one otherwise zero. So now
from here we go down to our get weighted
average price
function and now we're going to write
that function as well. So we're going to
start by with two variables total lots
and total price because we're going to
get weighted average price so we're
going to get the total price and then
divide it by total lots to get the
average price. Now when we are going to
be calling this function we will have
the ability to ask for direction so
whether we want for the buy grid or for
the sell grid, so we need to take that
direction and then store the direction
into a target direction. If the function
is being called for buy orders, then the
target direction is one buy, otherwise
it is two sell. So, this gives us the
flexibility of using the same function
for both buy and sell
to get the weighted average price for
the buy grid or for the sell grid. Now,
we're going to start looping through all
of the positions, so we're going to loop
through all of the positions total.
Then we're going to try to select and if
we're not able to select the position,
then we say, "Well, order select
failed."
But if we are able to select the
position, then we're basically going to
loop through exactly the same as before,
so we're going to get the position
symbol info and check it versus the
symbol that we are sending.
If it is not matching, then that
position is not what we are interested
in, so continue, go to the next
position.
Then get the magic number from position
info magic. So, from this position, get
the magic number
and compare that magic number by using
our is our order function to see whether
or not this is our trade. And if it is
not our trade, then continue to the next
position because we're not interested in
this position.
Then get the direction and check the
direction by sending the magic number of
the position
and we check it versus our target
direction. If it is not matching, if the
user has called this function for buy,
but the actual position that we are
currently looping is sell,
then we're going to drop that position
and go to the next position to see and
then check the level. If it's not equal
to our level, then in that case continue
as well. And this is why we're saying if
level is greater than zero, so the user
or whoever is calling the function is
interested in getting the level, then in
that case, get the level from the magic
and check it versus the level. And if it
is not matching, then continue, meaning
go to the next position as well. And if
all of this is fine, then in that case
for this position that we're currently
in, get the volume and it into the total
lots variable, get the price times the
lot and add it to the total price.
So, we're getting the total price times
the lot because it is weighted price, so
that we can later divide it by the total
lots and then we say if we're not
allowed to do a splitting, then in that
case break
break this function, only just take the
first order and then we can calculate
the average if the total lots is greater
than epsilon, so we're just doing a
validation that it is a valid number,
then total price divided by the total
lots is going to be our average.
So, then return that.
So, this is how we're going to calculate
the weighted average price.
And this is weighted average price.
We're multiplying the lots into the open
price every time when we're adding the
total price for every position which
matches our symbol, our magic, our
direction and our level. So, if we have
a valid total lots, then we return the
value of the average price, otherwise,
we just return zero.
So, now we can go ahead and open the
grid order. So, I'm going to come down
here and here we're going to actually
open the grid order. So, we're going to
create a function open grid order. We're
going to send to it the symbol index,
what type of order we are sending, what
is the level and what is the lot size
from here. So, we calculated all of
this, the lots getting the total lots in
the grid. So, first we're going to take
our symbol index and change it into a
symbol name like by getting the symbol
name from our index versus the symbol
array
number symbol name. Then like the first
trade, we're going to check for spreads
and if the spreads are bigger than the
maximum spread, then we say spreads are
too high
for the grid order
and then return false that we couldn't
open. And then like the first time we
opened the base trade,
here again, we're going to check the
margins, we're starting the margin
using the order calculate margin
based on either ask or bid depending on
whether it's an order type buy or sell
and it store it into the margin.
Now, if that function fails
or the margin return is zero
or the margin return is bigger than what
is available
as free margin, then in that case there
is not enough money.
We did that before as well. Then we're
going to handle the auto splitting if
auto split is allowed and the lot size
turns out to be bigger than the maximum
lot allowed by the broker on this
then in that case we're going to write
another function where we're going to
split and open the order, otherwise,
we're just going to send the single
order, send grid order and we're going
to send the level lot size and
everything. So, here we're going to open
the order
and now we're going to send the order.
But for this is splitting,
let's go down to our helper function
section and let's stub it for now.
But we need to come back to it. For now,
just return false. Okay, let's come
back. So, here we were and now we're
going to send the grid order. So, let's
create that function and once again,
we're going to take the symbol index,
convert it into the symbol.
Then we're going to calculate the magic
number. But this time we're going to
calculate the magic number for the grid.
So, we're going to create another
function where we're going to calculate
the grid magic number because here we
need to also put the level. In the first
trade, the base trade, we didn't have to
calculate for the level, we only had to
just add a double zero in the end
because that was the base trade. Before
we continue, let's write that function
because it's a very small function to
write, which is we're going to send to
it the level and the order type. We're
going to start with magic base, which is
going to be equal to magic number
base 84570 plus UID. Let's suppose the
UID is zero, so it equals
84570. Then we're going to get the
digits, which are five
in the magic base. Then we're going to
get the direction, so if we are asking
to create a buy order, then it's one,
otherwise two, so it's one or
two.
And then exactly like before, we're
going to do this, which is we're going
to take 10 raised to the power seven, so
seven zeros, times the direction, so in
case of buy, it's going to be one, plus
the magic base times 100, so 84570
but double zero
plus the level that we are sending here.
So, if the level was two, so it's going
to become two.
So, then the magic number we're going to
get is 18457002.
So, this is for the buy.
And for the sell, it is going to be one
these zeros times two
plus 84570
double zero
and then plus two if the level is two,
so it will become 84570
02. So, we're creating a magic number
simply sending the level number and the
order type and then using our magic
number and UID
if it is the order type
buy, it's going to return this with the
level number that we send.
Otherwise, if it's sell, then it's going
to create this with the level number
that we send. So, this is just creating
the grid
uh magic number. So, we create that
unique magic number for that order, for
that level number. And then like before,
we create the comment, which is equal to
trade comment, and then if level is
greater than zero, then the comment is
we're going to add to it a hash
and the level number, so that we can see
it in the comment that it's open the
trade hash one, hash two. And just like
before, set
the expert magic number to this magic
number that we just calculated.
Set the standard deviation in points,
which is slippage times get the
multiplier, so for five and three
decimal points, it's 10, for everything
else it's one.
And then try to open if it is the buy
order that we are sending, then in that
case trade.buy, sending the lots,
current price, no stop loss, no TP and
the comment from here. If it's not order
type buy, then in that case it's order
type sell.
Once again,
send the trade.sell. And then like
before, if it is a success, then we say
grid order opened, level this. And if
the order type was order type buy, then
the last grid time last buy grid time is
set to current time, which is whenever
was the last trade opened on this
symbol. And if it was sell, then we
update the last sell grid time to time
current and then we return true that
this function was successful, which is
comes here and then we return the bool
open grid back here so that we can check
if the open grid returns are true, in
that case the grid opened is true and O
P O triggered is true.
But if it fails, then we print failed to
open the grid, get the red code and the
red code description and return false.
So, that this returns a false here,
which then returns a false back here.
And now we can go back to the bottom
where we wrote the split and open orders
and we're going to write it. So, we're
going to be sending in the symbol index,
the order type, the level and the total
lot size and then we're going to get the
symbol exactly the same way and then
we're going to get the max lot by using
the get max lot for this symbol function
that we created earlier. And then we're
going to look at the number of ceilings,
so we're going to look at, "Okay, what
is the total lot size that we're trying
to open
divided by the max lot uh so, what's
allowed by the broker?" So, if our lot
size turns out to be 230 lots, for
example, which I hope never happens,
but the broker allows 100,
so the number of orders that we will
have to send is 230 / 100
and take it, round it up by using
math.ceiling, so it's going to be three
orders that we're going to have to send.
For a starter, we're going to set the
remaining lots equals to total lots that
we're sending, so 230.
And we set all success to true. And then
we're going to start looping through the
total number of orders that we need to
send, so starting at zero,
going zero, one and two. And then we're
going to take the lot size is the math
min of max lots versus the remaining
lots. So, remaining lots is 230, the max
lots allowed is 100. So, the lot size
will become 100 because we're going math
minimum. So, select the lesser of the
So, it's going to be 100. Then we
normalize it
by using our normalized lot size
function. And then we send this to our
send grid order function
sending this lots.
100 lots. If it is not successful, then
all success becomes false.
Otherwise, if we are able to send this,
then remove the order that we have, that
lot size from the remaining lots. So,
from 230 lots, we have already opened a
trade of 100 lots. So, now the remaining
lots is 130. Now, let's close the loop.
So, then it's going to come back again
for the second order.
And now we have 130 remaining lots, 100
maximum lots. So, once again, it's math
minimum. So, 100 lot is going to become
the lot size. And then we're going to
send another order for 100 lots.
And then we're going to remove these 100
lots from the remaining lots. So, the
remaining lots will become 30.
And then we're going to come back again
for the third order.
And now this is 100, but this is not 30.
So, the lot size becomes 30. And then we
send a 30 lot size
uh to send grid order.
And then we come down here and then we
remove 30 from 30, which will make it
zero.
So, remaining lot becomes zero, but in
any case, the total number of orders
have already been run.
And we're sleeping in between so that we
don't bombard all three orders one after
the other to the broker. So, we take
500 seconds before we send the next
order. And then if all goes tickety-boo,
then we say return all success, that it
was successful. So, this is how we're
going to do the split and open orders as
Uh I realize
that here we are calling the function
get max lots for the symbol, but we
didn't write that function.
So, let's write that function. We're
going to send to it the symbol and then
the max lot is equal to the max lot we
get it from the broker. And then the
limit volume. Now, if the limit max is
greater than zero and the limit max is
less than max, then max is equal to
limit max. And then we send between the
maximum lot that the user has specified
and the max lot. So, what we're doing
here is we're getting the max value and
this is the max value per order. And
this is the max value that the broker
allows per symbol. So, what's the limit
that you can have on this symbol and
what is the maximum volume that you can
send in one lot? So, we're going to
return back the max lot
that is allowed per order
and the maximum lot that the user has
specified. Because it might also be the
user has put 100
and the broker has the limit of 200. In
which case, the user's restriction
supersedes.
And this is why we are creating a
separate function. Otherwise, we could
have just simply gotten this. We send
back the minimum between the max lot
allowed by the broker and the max lot
allowed by the user
of the EA.
But in between, we're going to do this
check, which is if which is going to be
funny that the maximum value per symbol
is less than maximum value per order, in
that case, max lot becomes
the limit because if this is smaller
than this, then the max lot needs to be
this and not that.
Which is not going to happen, but just
in case
if there is a stupid broker. So, this is
how we're going to get the max lot
value, which we're going to use here,
max lot for the symbol. And if I compile
now, we created this is the function
already.
And now we have created this function
again is the one where we have already
written.
And this one is the one which we
stopped, but never came back to write.
So, if I delete this one
and combine,
then we
are looking for here.
Yeah, calculate grid lot size.
We calculated everything, but after
normalizing the results, we should have
sent the result back. So, we return the
results.
Let's pick calculate grid lot size. So,
once we have calculated the grid lot
size, we should return it.
Now, if I compile,
everything seems fine. And now we go get
the total lots in grid,
which is still stubbed as zero.
So, let's start writing it.
And we're going to start by creating two
variables, total equals zero and base
lot equals zero. And then the direction
which is going to be sent to this is
either going to be a buy or a sell. So,
we're going to convert this. So, if the
direction is buy or it is any direction,
then in that case, it's buy, otherwise
it's minus one. So, any direction.
Otherwise, if the direction sent here is
minus one, which is sell, or zero, which
every grid, then in that case, it's
going to be sell.
Otherwise, it's minus one. And then if
we are using the original profit lot
sizing or the grid level start is
greater than one and it's not auto
split, then we need to find the base lot
for the grid, which is back again to
this function to start instead of at the
levels one, we start at level three or
four. So, we are only placing a marker
for
base level and the level one and the
level two until the actual I mean, if
the value is three, then we only start
from level three onwards to create
actual values.
So, in that case,
we're going to find the base for the
grid by sending the symbol and
direction. And for now, I'm just going
to stub it to zero. And then we're going
to come back up here.
And then we're going to loop through all
of the positions which are currently
open.
Again, selected by index. If you're not
able to select it by index, then go to
the next position.
Then check that this is a symbol
matches. If they don't match, then go to
the next position. Then get the magic
number. Check if it is our magic number.
If it is not our magic number, then go
to the next position.
Then check the direction based on the
direct target direction that we have put
If it doesn't match, then go to the next
position. Then check for the level. If
it doesn't match, then go to the next
But if all of that matches, then in that
case, get the lots from this position
because this position is our position
and it is in the same direction that we
want and at the same level that we want
to check. And then once again, if we are
using the original lot sizes or and the
base lot is greater than zero, then use
this function we're going to create,
calculate lot from the base based on the
order level that we're going to be
sending and using the base lot. And then
add these lots to the total variable
that we have initiated here as zero. So,
loop through all of the position,
continue adding this. And then if it if
the order split is not allowed and the
level is greater than or equal to zero,
then in that case, break, meaning just
take the first trade and then return the
total. In this function, calculate the
lot from base by sending the order
level. Let's create that one as well.
So, we're going to send the base. If the
base is less than zero, then return zero
because there is no base.
Otherwise, take the base lot and
multiply it by the multiplier for this
level.
And you remember we created the get
multiplier, get multiplier for the
level, which was again going through
these. So, for the second trade, it's
one. For third to fifth trade, it's two.
And for sixth trade onwards, it's one
and a half. So, this is what we created
here. And now we're basically getting
that multiplier and multiplying it with
the base lot and returning it based on
what level we are creating. So, now if I
compile again,
we don't have any errors.
And now if I run the test, what we're
going to see here is that our grid are
now going to be opening at the distance
that we've wanted. So, this is our
first trade.
And then here is our first grid.
And it is open at exactly the same value
because
So, it follows the same logic. And then
for the next one, it's multiplied by
two, multiplied by two because that is
the multiplier for the trade third to
fifth. And then we have a buy trade in
between.
So, I'm going to speed it up a little
until we have more trades. So, if I look
through all of the sell trades, trade
was 0.3, the second trade was 0.3
because the second trade multiplier is
one. Then from third to fifth, it should
be multiplied by two.
So, here it's multiplied by two, then
multiplied by two, and then multiplied
by two.
And then from the sixth trade onward, it
should be multiplied by one and a half.
So, we're seeing that from here, it is
multiplied by one and a half, multiplied
by one and a half, multiplied by one and
a half, and multiplied by one and a
half. So, we now have our grid functions
done
with the proper lot sizing, with the
comments, with grid levels, and the grid
levels actually happening at the
distance that we want, the 35 or the
smart distance if the smart distance is
enabled. So, with that done,
now we can start looking at adding the
TPs and stop losses. So, we go back up
to the on tick function. And after the
check and open the grids, we're going to
add to it
modify grid TP and stop loss function,
which we're going to come down here in
the segment that we have created for
stop loss and TP. And this is where
we're going to start writing the modify
grid TP and SL. Oh, by the way, I see I
left this function empty. So, let's
write that one as well.
Which is find the base for the grid.
Which is again, we're going to take the
direction and we're going to convert the
direction. So, if the direction is one,
then it is buy, otherwise it's sell. And
then we're going to loop through all of
the position exactly the same way. So,
select and if you're not able to select
the position, then continue, go to the
next position. Check the symbols.
Get the magic number. Check if it's our
magic number.
Check that the direction match.
Get the level from the magic number. And
then if the level is equal to grid level
to start minus one, which is coming back
here if the user has selected grid level
to start as five, so the first four
trades are going to be dummy trades,
0.10 0.01 0.01 0.01 0.01.
So, then we're going to start
at the level which is grid level to
start minus one, because it always start
as zero. So, 0 1 2 3 4 is five.
So, start at 0.1. And if the level
matches, then in that case get the lots
of that position.
Get the multiplier for that level. And
then if the multiplier is greater than
zero, return the lot divided by the
Otherwise, just return zero. And then
close the loop
and return zero.
If we couldn't find any position, then
we just simply return a zero. Let's
compile again to see everything is fine.
So, now we have filled out this is top
function as well.
And now we can start writing our
modified grid TP and SL.
>> [music]
