Before we get into the 17k payout from
 
Apex, bit of context. I'm up over 80K on
the PA accounts since October. We're
going to take a look. There's a reason
this structure works very well, and I'm
going to show you how. So, let's get
into it.
As you can see, we're going to refresh
this.
Up over 80K
since October. Okay, this is on the PA
accounts. You can see we've got some
great stats here to break it down. For
the most part, ending in green days 79%
of the time
strike rate or win rate, I should say,
56.
Overall, this is the stats.
The reason this model works, I'm going
to show you the payout now as well.
Okay, just requested got approved and
had been paid out now of the 17K which
was approved
towards the back end of January. Okay,
for this payout. Amazing. So, how does
this actually work to put it in a
practical manner and how can you do the
same? Because the truth is you can do
the same thing. You just need to get
your mind in the right place and the
structure in the right place. So, let's
take a look. Okay,
we're going to bring it back to my one
one formula. One model, one asset class,
one session.
Best place to start. We can build upon
this, but this is the best place to
start. Okay, so one model, what's the
purpose of that? We need one repeatable
scalable model, ideally as
mechanicalized as possible. Okay, this
works very well. And the reason this
works very well is because you need to
get that pattern recognition of seeing
the setup play out time and time and
time and time again. Okay, there's so
many different variables, it's going to
be difficult to get any sort of
consistency with that. We can bring in
fluidity in other parts, but the entry
must be mechanical to a certain degree.
Okay, you must know when to press the
trigger, what sets up that trigger, and
how to play it with repeatable model.
Next one, asset class. Keep it simple,
of course. Now, a caveat to this.
Everyone's going to have different
strategies. So, if your strategy
requires that you must have 28 different
pairs, so be it. That's absolutely fine.
But for the most part, what's going to
help 99% of people out is sticking to
one pair.
Get rid of trading all these different
pairs. Because what you have to realize,
tying it back to here, is not every pair
is the same. I know you're not taught
this in the space, but a little bit of
hard truth for you. Every pair is
different. Okay, I'm going to give you a
good analogy as well. It's almost like
comparing in a band guitar to violin.
Yes, they may sound similar, but they're
completely different. And their purpose
of sound is completely different. They
have a different tone, a different
variation of how they used. Pairs react
the same. You can't compare Euro dollar
to pound yen. You can't compare pound
yen to gold. You can't compare gold to
NASDAQ. They are all very different
based on different markets, different
tendencies because they have their own
voice. So as a part of this model,
whatever pair you pick, you need to get
very good at that pair. Okay? I don't
trade euro dollar the same way I trade
gold. I realized a few years back every
pair is very different. So you must
appro approach it in that manner and not
say what I do on Euro dollar is also
going to equate to the same thing that I
do on gold. Completely different market
arena that you're dealing with here.
Okay, that's key. So my advice is
whatever pair you trade, get very good
at everything about that pair.
Understand when it moves, why it moves
at certain times, the timing of certain
pairs, how AMDR works on those pairs,
what is the higher time frame context of
that pair. do we normally expand and how
do we expand? Is it a good swing pair?
Is it a good day trading pair? Every
little piece of jigsaw you must
understand about the pair, you must
understand it with a lot of detail to do
well in this game. Okay? I'm not talking
about doing fairly well with some point
of consistency. If you really want to do
well in trading, you must know the pair
like the back of your hand.
Okay, that's that one trade.
Scribbling it all out here. one done the
same again one trading session this
creates predictability the reason this
is important is
the typical daily cycle that you're
taught in I remember the SMC days when I
first started in in that like 2020 2021
taught is Asia acts as accumulation
London acts as manipulation New York
distribution into reversal okay now
although that is correct that is
different based on what pair you trade.
Let me say that again. That is different
based on what pair you trade. Euro
dollar daily cycles are not the same as
gold daily cycles. Euro dollar cycles
are not the same as pound yen daily
cycles. Asia does not always act as
accumulation. London does not always act
as manipulation. New York doesn't always
act as distribution.
Okay? New York is separated into AM PM.
New York open, London closed kill zone.
So you need to know how these sessions
behave. That is key when you add all
these different variances in place. So
I've seen people that come into envision
and before they know even context of the
style, they're open to trading uh let's
say London, New York, London close, so
many different variances between how
those sessions behave.
Now, if you're working a day job, that's
going to restrict what sessions you can
trade. Let's say you're only available
for two hours per day. That's going to
dictate your session. Call it New York.
You need to get very good at New York.
How does New York behave New York AM,
New York PM, the timing of of things. We
have different manipulation cycles in
New York, typically too. And there's
various of how that plays out. You need
to get very good at that session and
understand New York does not behave in
the same way as London.
There's different news drivers that take
effect at different time. Usually 1:30
p.m. 2:45. These kind of times are very
important in New York. Whereas London,
for the most part, we don't have key
news drivers unless it's like, let's
say, a a pound speech or a pound uh
release. Normally, the news happens in
New York. So, it's going to be a very
different session to play. So, whatever
session you trade, play it well and
understand the different variances of
that session.
This is why one session, one asset
class, and one model. You can start to
see now how this all creeps into the
picture of building consistency because
you're controlling the variables here.
You've got one model which is
repeatable, one asset class. So you
understand that with depth and clarity
and you've got one trading session which
you can predict based on how price forms
with specific times of the day. Okay.
Then we move into the realm of decoding
market conditions. Okay, understanding
what market environment we're in is very
important. Okay, for me for example,
I'll give you a prime clear clarity
example. When we're in an expansive
market environment, I understand now in
this part of my journey and have done
for years to be honest, this is where
you milk the profits. I love these
expansive market environments. The
narrative is very simple. You don't have
to complicate things. I understand price
may give a 20 30% correction as opposed
to a pullback, a deeper pullback which
plenty of traders are waiting for that
never comes and I can do very well in
those periods. Okay, a consolidated
market environment also very great
depending on how you play it, but this
is more protecting the profits.
Rangebound small moves, bank the base
hits protect the majority of profits
that you've built in expansive market
environments. Okay, timing of market
conditions is very important.
Okay, and I'm going to give a caveat to
that. Adaptability is more important.
being able to go from a consolidation
environment and then suddenly we move
into that expansive market conditions
and understand now I need to adapt now
we're no longer in this corrective
market condition I need to adapt to the
current market conditions that is prime
adaptability and necessary skill as a
trader because these two environments
are completely different that it's like
comparing night and day but if you know
it well you can capitalize very well and
that's how I've done that by
understanding ing what condition of the
market we are in and trading one model,
one asset class, one trading session.
Management is also dictated on this as
well. If if we of course are in an
expansive market environment like we
have been let's say on gold, you can of
course depending on timing of your
entries, you can let these markets run.
Same with P same thing with pound yen. I
used to love that there and it's because
when you take long positions, we've been
in a bull market for the past 5 years on
pound yen. You can take advantage of
positive swaps. So, you're getting paid
to hold the trade, right? For the most
part, we are moving to the upside, which
makes the direction pretty clear and it
expands very well. So, those three
factors make it a very lucrative and
nice pair to trade and capitalize on
swingbased movements, especially if
you're getting in intraday entries.
Okay. But you must understand this with
key. Another thing that also dictates
this is what you're trading on. If it's
prop firms and you've just got an
account passed over the safety net, for
example, or you've just got funded,
okay, well, it's not really the best
idea to start swinging for the fences
and waiting for these 8 9 10 11 to 1's
really is it like logical step is base
hits. One, 2, 3. Why? Because you build
a buffer. If you can get a two, three,
4% buffer on that account, beautiful,
amazing. That means that you can scale
nicely, you've got risk management in
place, and it means that if you do take
a couple losses, you're fine because
you've got those base hits. Where if
you're swinging for the fences for a 10
to one, that's fine. But if it doesn't
play out, you're in the gutter really
because you could now take two or three
losses being draw down, the cycle just
repeats. I see it time and time again in
onetoone coaching. the amount of people
that are swinging for the fences and
waiting for these 10 to one trades,
that's fine. But if it's followed by
two, three, four, five losses, it's not
the most stress-free approach and your
strike rate is going to be very low. So
it's always base hits first, get one,
two, 3%. Once you've done that, after a
period of time, we move into a different
section of your trading journey. It's
that the first stage in your trading is
draw down to break even. That's part
one. Okay, it's inchworm theory. How to
tighten the back end up to make you
minimize losses so we can get to break
even. Then it is okay, how can we get to
break even into profitability. Phase
two, you've already tightened up your C
game, your back end. Now it's how can I
expand my A game. Then phase three is
how can we maximize that winning game
whilst keeping the back end tight.
That's phase three. That's scaling.
Okay, but you can't mix them all three
and go, "Okay, I'm gonna hold on 10 to
ones and my strike rate is 20%. I lose
the majority of the time, but every now
and again I'm going to get 10 to one."
It's it's like gambling. It's not
trading. So, base hits always. Then you
can start to approach it from, okay,
I've been in defense for a while. Do I
need to move into offense? This is key.
And it's not taught in the trading
space. This is what experience has
taught me. Okay. Okay. And then last but
not least, as we talked about, is pair
tendencies. But bringing it back into
prop firms, if I'm on personal capital,
I'm more likely to hold the trades,
especially if we have a swing target. If
I'm on prop firms, the goal is payouts,
bank them, rotate the rotate the firms,
keep doing that system. Basically,
that's all you need to do. So, with
that, my goal is base hits. Build the
base hits. Don't swing for the fences.
Consistency score is key.
Build it where it's so little stress
that it's become so easy for you to
trade on. That's the goal. Okay. Now, if
we just look at prop firm match for
example, I use this all the time. I'd
highly recommend you guys using it, too.
It's used so that we can see the most
credible prop firms in the space. If
you've been in this space for a long
time, you'll know that there's been so
many firms that have dropped off, not
paid out, etc., etc., Right? This
compares the best firms that are paying
out the most. So if we were going to
look at, let's say, this is what I
looked at on another video, funded next.
We can take a look at this. Okay. If we
go to payouts,
we can see how many payouts they've paid
out in February so far or January. I
think this is this month. We just go to
this year so far. They've paid out over
11 mil in profits. Okay, you got the
number of payouts
about six hours in payout time, which is
incredible.
Okay, and you compare all these firms
and see, okay, this is the best firm for
me right now. Okay, then what you've
also got is reviews. This these are
probably the top two things for me.
Payouts, reviews. If you can look at,
okay, Funding Next for the most part is
a very good firm. We've got a payout,
customer care is very nice. Are there
firms above that potentially? Okay, you
can look into them as well. So, what it
does is compares the best firms and
takes
makes you avoid the unnecessary risk of
going with, let's say, cheaper firms,
but the credibility is not there. So,
definitely check out Prof Match. It is
something that is going to be used by me
a lot this year. I highly recommend you
doing the same. Click the link down
below. It'll save you some money and it
means that you can get involved in these
firms and also see the best offers with
the best discount rates. Good luck. Now,
we're moving back to the 111 formula.
As well of this, I'm going to touch on
something that's really important. Okay?
I have been through multiple phases of
trading. I've traded for eight hours a
day. I've traded for 1 hour a day. I've
done and tried everything.
And I can tell you trading for less time
equates to more results. I don't anymore
trade London. I don't trade New York.
And I don't trade London clues. I used
to and I used to do it fairly well. But
the amount of stuff you could be getting
done in sessions that you shouldn't be
trading is not worth trading those
sessions.
Okay?
This is different based on everyone's
journey, but for me, if I was just to
trade the London Open 60 90minut window,
after that 90 minutes, I'm done. I'll go
grab a coffee with my girlfriend. I'll
have a compartmentalization. I'll read
for a little bit. Then I'll get into
envision, one-to-one clients, YouTube
perhaps, other projects, investments,
all of that stuff. But I don't touch the
charts unless I'm on a coaching call.
I don't trade New York. I don't trade
London close at this phase. Can I adapt
if I want to and trade New York instead
of London if the pairs that I trade in
are better equipped in New York this
year? For sure, I can adapt very well
and I'm quick at being able to adapt.
That is necessary. But for right now,
you need to make things as simple as you
can. One session, 60, 90 minute window.
Keep it simple. Then go and move your
body. Go and train your body in the gym.
Don't be sat at the screen all day. This
is something that I see with traders.
Get out and about. Go to a coffee shop.
Go to a restaurant in the city once a
month. Go move your body in the gym. Go
socialize with people. Can't just be sat
on a screen with four walls doing your
own thing all the time. You need to get
out and live life. It's not all about
trading. Trading is a key part. It's a
good vehicle, but you need to be doing
other things as well. Okay, gym. Feed
the mind. Get into nearer knowledge,
audio books, your wishes, your command,
anything that's going to improve your
mental state so that you can get more
money,
better results, and maintain that and
grow that. Okay? It's all in here. What
you see in the markets is a mirror
effect of what you see in here and how
you think. Okay? You can't be in a bad
mentality and trade well. you just
can't. You'll either give it back or you
won't have an accurate representation of
what is going on.
That's key. So, the summary is make it
simple. Don't over complicate things and
have a proper sit down and structure
your day in the most optimal way for
your success based on your needs. But
keep it simple. One model, one asset
class, one trading session. Best of luck
and I'll see you in the next video.
