Welcome to the final class. This is
 
going to be the final class that you
will need to watch in your whole entire
trading career to understand how to
trade. I'm talking about in this 10hour
video, I am literally going to teach you
from zero to 100%. From the point that
you are literally going to be able to
execute a trade with me inside of this
video live. Whatever I do on my phone,
you pause the video, you do it on your
phone. Whatever I do on my chart, you
pause the video, you do it on your
chart. I'm going to take you through the
most stepbystep process that I have
personally ever created or ever even
seen online on a complete tutorial on
how to teach you trading from zero to
100%. This is everything in one spot. I
swear to God, I wish I had this video
when I started my trading journey back
in 2019 2018 when I was learning how to
trade online. Nobody created tutorials
like this. There was a bunch of
different videos throughout the whole
entire internet and I kind of had to
piece them all together. And by the time
that I pieced them all together, I
simply had an information overload and I
didn't know what I actually needed and
what I didn't actually need. In this
video, I'm going to teach you everything
that you need and I'm going to briefly
explain to you what you don't need so
you don't have to simply waste time on
it. Because the truth of the matter is
that right now in trading, everybody is
having a massive opportunity to make
money online. the more time that you
waste having the lack of knowledge and
not having the proper education to go
and trade, the more time you are missing
out on these profits. So, I'm going to
make everything on this one video, so
all you have to do is just watch it from
zero to the end. You're going to know
exactly how to be able to go out there
and execute trades live in the market.
Now, I have really been thinking about
doing this video for quite some time. I
just haven't had the time to actually
get it done. But, when I actually now
decided to get this video done, I wanted
to this be more than just an information
overload video. Like I wanted you to
practice this in real time. You're
actually able to go out there and
execute live based off off of this
video. Something that you actually get
value from and you're actually able to
go out to the market and properly do it
for yourself. Now, you're probably
asking, who is this guy that's going to
be talking to me for the next 10 hours
and is he even a reliable source? I've
been trading the currency market for the
last seven years, and it took me about
three years to become a profitable
trader. I was two and a half years
trying to figure out how to make money
online when it comes to trading. And
after two years of watching endless
amounts of videos and failing, I finally
figured it out. But it really wasn't
always about trading. I first wanted to
make money online. But before making
money online, I was working at Dunkin
Donuts. Before working at Dunkin Donuts,
I worked at Crocs, Arab Postal, Sant's
Enchanted Forest, and I even tried to
get a job at a Valley parking, but I
never got hired. I was just a regular
high school student that got out of high
school and did not want to go work the
regular 9 to5. I wanted to get out of
high school and become a successful
person. I wanted to become a
millionaire. I remember as the semester
was finishing, my professor came up to
me and he woke me up from an nap and he
was like, "Hey, just letting you know
right now, you could not come back
tomorrow or not even finish this
semester, even if you were to ace every
single one of the next tests, you're
still going to fail the class." And I
said, "You know what? Thanks, man. You
just saved me the next two months of my
life cuz I was going to keep coming in
here and falling asleep." Fast forward
for the next two months. I kept going to
campus because my parents were tracking
my location and I had to go to school
because they would, you know, kick me
out of the house, ground me if I wasn't
going to school. And I was going to
school to just figure out how to make
money online. I was figuring out a way
on how to do drop shipping, which I
tried to buy multiple different
products, but my credit card limit
wasn't enough. So, I couldn't have
enough inventory. Tried that for a
little bit, dabbled with it, never had
success. And then I tried Airbnb
arbitrage. So on my free time, as soon
as I finished work and got out of the
school, just sitting in the library
trying to figure out how to find the
good properties for Airbnb arbitrage, I
realized that when I did find a good
property, I didn't have the proper
credit and have the bank statements to
sign a lease so then I can subleasase
it, put on Airbnb, so on and so forth.
And I pretty much wasted about 6 months
of my life trying to make money online
when it came across, you know, these
different businesses. And then one day,
one of my friends invites me to this
event where they're teaching trading.
I'm like, ah, dude, I've heard of this
stuff before. Supposedly, it's a scam.
It's not real. Said, "You know what?
What's the worst that can happen? I lose
100 bucks. Really, all I have at the
time to risk on this." I go to the
event. I get sold on the whole entire
MLM product, multi-level marketing. And
uh what that really did is that it
opened the doors to what trading is and
the possibility that it actually has. I
was there for probably 30 days. I
realized that these multi-level
marketing companies don't teach you how
to trade. They just teach you what it
is. But that opened the gates for me to
actually go out there and try and figure
it out. So I tried to go on with stocks
and I realized in order for me to
actually create a account in a stock
market or with the stock brokers for you
to actually go trade, it was a minimum
of 25,000. That was back in 2018 2019
when I was starting to trade. I didn't
have 20,000 $25,000 to open up a trading
account. So then I heard that there's
this forex market, foreign exchange
where the entry barrier is 100 bucks, 50
bucks, and you have leverage up to 1 to
1,000. And then there that means you
have a lot more buying power in your
money. The markets are open 245 compared
to the stock market. They're open 9 to5,
5 days a week. I said, you know what,
this is a lot more attractive. Let me
actually go head first into this. And
little did I know that I was going to be
walking into one of the longest,
darkest, and loneliest journeys that I
have ever been. And that journey began
by myself in the library at Miami Day
College campus. I was a whole entire
year going to Miami Day College campus.
Instead of me learning English or
learning mathematics or whatever they
were teaching me in criminal justice, I
was learning what the foreign exchange
market was, watching endless amounts of
videos on YouTube, buying different a
bunch of different courses trying to see
if it all worked, where it all came down
to one simple thing. And all of that I'm
going to be teaching to you guys in this
video completely for free. and it's all
going to be in one spot. I had to piece
so many different videos together that
literally that is probably what took the
most amount of time getting all the
information that was on the internet,
hearing the same thing seven different
ways, realizing I'm watching the same
thing from a different person, saying it
in a different way, and then having to
minimize all that information for it to
come down to one thing. And that is
exactly what I'm going to be doing in
this video today. And it almost feels
like it went by extremely fast now that
time has gone by. But after 6 months of
me just trying to put all this
information together, lost a couple
thousand dollars. Another 6 months went
by and then I was supposed to be
graduating from college, getting my AA
on pretty much year two and my parents
realized that I was not going to college
and there I had to pretty much break
through the news that I was doing this
whole trading stuff and I was probably
about a year in year and a couple months
in and I was so deeply invested that I
had no other choice but to continue to
go. There was no way I was going to
continue in figuring out a different way
on how to make money online once I've
already invested a whole entire year
into this. And things were starting to
click, or at least I thought they were
at the time. So, I basically broke the
news to my parents. I said, "Hey, I'm
trying this whole trading stuff. I need
you guys just to give me some time to
figure it out. My parents did not
believe in me. They weren't supportive
of it. And I wouldn't either. I have old
school Cuban parents that they barely
know how to use WhatsApp. They don't
speak English. They honestly just all
they understand is work on a regular job
and that's how you're going to become
successful. It's not their fault. They
were raised differently. But I knew that
there was different ways on how to make
money in this world, especially online.
So after about a year and a half, my
parents aren't supporting me. I'm just
kind of living there at the house. I'm
literally trading from my mom's closet.
We have a closet downstairs and I'm just
trading out of that closet. And I'd say
probably for the next six to eight
months, it was a battle in between
myself and understanding the actual
markets. So now I know exactly what
trading is, how it works. But now I'm
just trying to figure out these patterns
and if there really is one behind it.
And I'd say after 6 months, it got to
the point where I was seeing the
patterns. I would see things happen over
and over again. But I just wasn't
entering at the exact point. I was
either entering too late, I was entering
too early, and I was probably closing
out my profits too short, my stop losses
were too tight, I was just doing a lot
of minor mistakes that accumulatively
made me a unprofitable trader. Right
around the 2-year mark, my parents once
again are pressuring me, what am I going
to do with my life, and I just kept
asking for time, still working at Dunkin
Donuts, dabbling other jobs, but I'm
trying to dedicate as much time as I
possibly can to trading. Now, at this
point, I seek some different types of
more serious mentorships. I understand a
little bit more. You know, you need act
an actual strategy for you to actually
become a profitable trader. And right
around the 2 and 1/2 year mark, I went
from losing consistently for two and a
half years to having my first ever break
even month. I'm like, whoa, I think I
might be doing something right because
you know what? This month, I didn't blow
any accounts. I didn't lose any profit
accounts. Like, I think I'm on to
something. The month after that, so two
months, two years and about seven
months, I had another break even month,
but a little bit slightly in profit,
probably 1%. And then the month after
that, I was in profit 10%. I went from
being an extremely unprofitable trader
to then a break even trader to having my
first profitable month. All of that in
the span of nearly three years. And in
this video, I'm going to shorten what I
learned in 3 years, all of the mistakes
that I did, all the unnecessary
information that I had in just a one
class setting. This is going to save you
guys so much time, so much headache that
I can't even I wish I had this when I
got started. After my first profitable
month, everything literally just
clicked. I started going from break even
months to a profitable months to then
just this becoming the new normal. All I
had to realistically do was look back at
my actual winning month and be like,
what did I do right there? If that's
what worked, let me just double down on
it when I see it again and then again
and again and again. And then you fast
forward for another year. So I'm about
three and a half years into my journey.
I am now a full-time trader. I think on
my third year, three month three years
and one month, I left Dunkin Donuts,
left my job, and I'm now just a
full-time profitable trader. Told my
parents that it's actually working.
They're seeing the money. they're
believing it. And then right around my
fourth year, I decided to just start
posting on social media because, you
know, that was the only way to pretty
much meet people as a trader cuz if
you're a trader, you're kind of in an
office like this. You're just home 24/7.
You're never going to really engage with
anybody cuz you don't need to go out to
a social setting for anything.
Everything you could just do it from
home. And all of my friends that I had
in my journey as I was learning trading,
all of my high school friends, I pretty
much separated myself from them because
they didn't believe in my journey. They
didn't understand what it was and they
were causing me so much stress trying to
convince them of what it is and that
it's actually possible that it was
distracting me from the journey. So, at
this point in my journey, I'm really by
myself and I'm just trying to open up my
doors to new people, just meet people,
maybe meet some new girls, attract
girls, cuz I'm realistically just making
a decent amount of money by clicking a
couple buttons and I have so much free
time throughout the day. And like a
hurricane or like a snowstorm or
whatever you want to call it, it just
blew up. I started posting, you know, I
bought my first supercar, which is an
Audi R8. I started posting profits. I'm
making a couple thousand dollars every
single day. And out of nowhere, this
created this massive community of other
people wanting to learn how to do the
same thing. The questions that I was
getting asked were pretty simple
questions. And I decided to say, you
know what? Let me just start helping
people. And I just started posting
YouTube videos. And fast forward another
three, four years, and we're here where
I arguably think I have one of the
biggest trading communities in the
industry. And I have helped thousands of
people all around the world and
shortened their learning curve from
years to months and gotten people to
make tens of mistakes a day to maybe one
a week and then them learning from that
and using those losses that they avoid
to optimize and actually be able to risk
the correct amount of money on the right
markets. So it all went from being a
unprofitable trader by himself to then
developing a skill set without even
knowing it, posting it accidentally on
social media. it blowing up and now to
the point where I just changed traders
lives all around the world and now this
video is for you. And the only reason
why I gave you this whole entire
backstory is so you understand at the
point where I am right now in my
journey. I have so much free time that
all I generally have passion about right
now is just helping other people. I am
literally dedicating more than 10 hours
to make this video for you because this
video is going to probably be 10 hours
and I'm done with it. But for me to
record it, for it to all get shortened
down to the point where I probably put
20, 25 hours into this video, I'm doing
this for you. So, all I ask for you is
to literally only focus on this video.
And if by the end of this video, you did
not learn anything. You have absolutely
no value. Hit the unsubscribe button,
block me, never look at me ever again.
Don't believe me. But I am putting so
much time and so much effort into this
video because I personally really do
wish I saw one of these videos when I
got started in my journey. So if you
have any question, if you have any
concern, just go back, pause the video,
write down notes. If I were to show you
the amounts of notes that I took when I
was learning in my journey, I think I
wrote down the same thing 15 different
times because I was watching 15 of the
same videos just in different ways from
different people. And that confused me
so much because everybody would say it
in a different way. And what I can
guarantee you is in order for you to
become a profitable trader like me,
there is no other video that you need to
watch online, including my own, because
this video is literally going to teach
you every single topic, every single
subject that you need to know to
understand the markets exactly that I
do. Once this video is finished, the
only thing that separates you and I is
going to be experience. And that is
what's going to lead you to become a
profitable trader. So right now, if
you're driving, if you're at work,
you're on a lunch break and you started
this video, make sure you pause it, put
a bookmark on it, and come back to it
when you're ready to sit down and
actually focus. Do not halfass this
video. Do not put it on 2x. The points
of trading is for you to take your time
with it. This is a marathon, not a
sprint. And you attempting to learn this
information faster is actually going to
slow you down because you're trying to
speed things up and get all this
information as fast as you can. It
actually slows you down because you're
not going to process it and understand
it and you're going to have to come back
and watching it again. So, it's going to
actually take you double the amount of
time. No matter how fast you want to
learn this, it takes time. It takes
repetition and you need to understand
this is a brand new language. And a
perfect analogy that I can put is let's
say you're going to go build a house and
the same day you buy the land, that same
exact day, you have the builders, you
have the plumbers, you have the roofers,
you have the carpenters, you have the
landscapers, everything. You cannot have
the roofers put on the roof if the
builders haven't even built up the
walls. You cannot have the gardeners put
up the garden if they haven't finished
the construction. You're going to mess
up your garden. Everything is a
stepbystep process and it takes time.
And that is exactly what this video is
intended to do. It's intended to go step
by step in the correct order and for it
to be taken my time for me to explain to
you so you understand it at the correct
time. Now, with that being said, let's
officially begin this video. And if you
are not 100% ready to write down notes,
if you don't have your notepad out, if
you're not in a calm setting, if you're
not locked in, you don't have your
headphones in, do not watch this video.
Click the pause button and come back
when you're ready. It's going to be a
lot more effective that you watch this
video when you are 100% prepared to
actually watch this video so you take a
notes effectively and you understand
everything effectively. So with that
being said, let's begin. So what is this
trading stuff? What is this forex? What
is this stocks? What is this crypto
indices, commodities, futures? What is
this charts? What is trading? Well, I'm
sure we've all seen charts, right? This
is what a chart is. chart is when
something goes up or something goes
down. You've probably seen it either on
an actual candlestick format like that
or you've seen it on a line chart like
this. These are different ways on how
the markets are seen. You can see it on
a line chart. You can see it on a bunch
of different ways. And don't worry,
we're going to get into all of those
different ways in just a second. But
what exactly is trading? Well, trading
is when you're literally doing what it
says. When you are trading, you're
trading one thing for another. Now, some
people think when it comes to the forex
exchange market, the foreign exchange
market, that you're actually trading one
currency for the other. Some people
think that, oh, the euro and the dollar,
you're actually buying the euro and
you're exchanging it for the dollar, or
you're selling the dollar and then
buying the euro. At no point are you
ever actually doing that. You're
essentially just betting that
something's going to be going up or
something that's going to be going down.
We're going to get into all of that in
just a second. Now, before I actually
get into the charts and I show you how
to actually read the markets, I first
need to teach you and educate you on the
actual markets. What are these markets?
What do they consist of? How do like
when I actually buy a currency, am I
actually owning it? Like, do I actually
buy the euro? Does that mean that I own
the euro? If I actually were to buy
gold, does that mean that I actually own
gold? If I were to trade the NASDAQ, do
I actually own a piece of a company? So,
let me break down these actual markets
and what they consist of, right? So
right here we're going to have all of
the main markets that are going to run
the trading industry or the trading
niche. And these are in order. The first
market is going to be the foreign
exchange market also known as the forex
market where every single day it moves
anywhere from 7.5 to 8 trillion on a
daily basis. This is not only the
largest market in the world but is
actually decentralized and it is open
245. Now when I started trading in 2018
2019 I remember reading this exact same
sentence right here and it was anywhere
from five to $6.5 trillion. The fact
that in just five six years this has
nearly almost added $3 trillion into
trading volume is absolutely absurd to
me. This just shows the amount of
opportunity that is inside of the
foreign exchange market. So the beauty
of this market is that it is available
245. You can pretty much trade it
whenever you want throughout the week.
And that is the beauty of the foreign
exchange market. It is the most volatile
market, has the most opportunity in it,
and it is available the most out of any
single market. Next is going to be the
stock market, which you've all heard of
the New York Stock Exchange. That's
where people would trade on the trading
floor. And this is where the global
stock market trade. And it's anywhere
from 200 billion to 300 billion on a
daily amount. So you can realize the
magnitude and the size of the foreign
exchange market. It is nearly 15 times
bigger, 20 times bigger on a daily basis
because you're trading every single
currency in the world. Right here in the
global stock market, you're pretty much
just trading around the US, mainly
around the NASDAQ and all of these other
different USA companies. Next we have
the commodity market which is going to
consist of futures, oil, gold, wheat and
the daily volume from this can vary in a
couple of billion dollars but it's
around a hundred billion on a daily
basis. Now when you go trade the
commodities markets when you go let's
say you're going to go buy gold for
example doesn't mean you actually are
going to own a piece of gold. You're
just betting you're basically betting
with the markets that gold is going to
go up in price. That's pretty much it.
When you go buy oil or you go sell oil,
at no point are you actually owning any
oil. It's all digital currency. It's all
money on the screen. They're basically
making an educated bet if this market is
going to go up or it's going to go down.
At no point do you ever own anything
when trading any of these markets except
the cryptocurrency markets. The
cryptocurrency market has an average
volume of 100 to 200 billion in day
trading volume, but it is extremely
volatile and is mainly controlled by
Bitcoin and Ethereum and a couple couple
of other stable coins. Now, obviously
the problem with cryptocurrency is
there's, you know, no centralization
around it. It's completely
decentralized, very much how it is when
it comes to the foreign exchange market.
But these currencies are backed by
countries. They've been backed by
hundreds of years. The crypto market is
still fairly new. It's been around for,
let's call it, 20 years at the max, 25
years. And it's something that is
completely decentralized. And when you
actually trade a cryptocurrency, let's
trade, say you're trading Bitcoin,
Bitcoin, you actually own it. If you
trade Bitcoin and it goes up, you make
money with it. If you trade Ethereum and
it goes down, you lose money with it.
Same very similar how it works with the
foreign exchange market. But when you're
trading the foreign exchange market, at
no given point, you actually own some of
the actual currency. I can say I'm
trading EuroUSD. At no point do I
actually own Euro or do I own USD? So
all of these I'm going to go into great
detail of how you can actually trade
them, which ones you should be trading,
which you shouldn't be trading, and how
you can actually build a profitable
strategy to actually trade on these
markets. These are going to be the main
markets that are going to be out in the
markets and that you should have any
interest in trading them. Any markets
inside of these, they simply don't have
enough trading volume. And if they don't
have enough volume, which is big numbers
like this, the odds of you becoming a
profitable trader are much more
difficult because lack of volatility
means lack of opportunity. You want to
make sure that you are in a market that
has a fair amount of volatility, not too
much because then you're prone to
getting major losses and all of that.
I'll explain later into the video as
well. But you want to make sure that you
have a decent amount of volatility so
you can have good opportunity to
actually make money when it comes to
trading. But I personally have been
trading the foreign exchange market for
the last 7 years successfully and lately
I've been dabbling a little bit with
commodities and I just have been
investing into crypto when it comes to
long-term. This is my form of an asset.
I would much rather put multiple six
figures into a digital currency where it
can make me 20 30% annually compared to
putting it into real estate where let's
say it can make me those same returns
but I have to deal with less headache.
I've never personally traded the stock
market just because I am not interested
in trading in a market that does not
have anywhere near as much volume or
availability as the foreign exchange
market. I've traded the NASDAQ. I've
traded the S&P 500 and all of these
other stock markets. And you can also do
that in the foreign exchange market. And
all of that we're going to be breaking
that into this video. And we're going to
be actually taking a trade together.
You're going to be able to pause the
video, look at the profits or losses on
your actual end. And then you're going
to be able to have an clear
understanding of how to actually do this
for yourself. And now before we get
right started into what is actually
trading, I want to bust every single
myth that is out there online. All of
the myths that my parents thought that
this was that even including myself
thought this was or just the people that
have an opinion on something that
they're just simply not educated on. And
there's nothing wrong with having an
opinion, but it's always good to get
educated on it. So I'm going to bust
every single myth on what trading isn't.
Trading isn't a Ponzi scheme. There is
Ponzi schemes out there on people
creating systems around trading. That is
entirely true. But trading itself is not
a Ponzi scheme. Like people are just
essentially betting that something is
going to go up in value or that it's
going to go down in value. If it goes up
in value, people make money. If it goes
down in value, people lose money. That
is what trading is. So no, it's not a
Ponzi scheme. Also, in order for you to
actually become a trader, you don't need
to be a mathematician. You don't need to
go to college. You don't need to get a
degree. You don't need to be a genius.
To be fair, I graduated high school with
nearly a 1.7 GPA, I think it was, or a
2.0 GPA. I can't even remember what it
was. I barely passed high school. I
failed at college. I was not the
smartest kid in class. But what I did do
was show up every single day to try and
figure this out. I had a driving mindset
that was going to lead me to success.
But I did not know what was the root
square of 75 when a car is driving at 50
miles an hour and x equals 5. I have no
idea to this day what that is and I
don't need to and I've had two Bugatti.
So I think I've done very well. Trading
is not something that you need to have
habits for. You don't need to wake up
every single day and meditate. You don't
need to wake up and light up a candle,
read a book, set a certain light, all of
that Instagram, Tik Tok stuff. That is
not real. You do not need any of these
morning routines in order for you to
become a successful trader and
understand how to read the markets. I
can be looking at the markets in front
of my computer. I can be looking at it
on my phone about to board onto a
flight. I can be looking at it while I'm
driving, while I'm at the beach, while
I'm doing anything. All I need is a
screen and decent amount of internet and
I'm able to go ahead and look at the
markets. You don't need to set up a
whole entire ambiance around me to
actually read and understand the
markets. If you know how to read it, you
know how to read it. And trading isn't
also something that a lot of people
think like, oh, we're going to wait for
price to come all the way to the bottom,
so we buy. We're going to sell all the
way at the top. We do not try and
predict tops or bottoms. Actually, on
the complete contrary, I want the market
to be moving up very aggressively and I
want to buy with that market. The trend
is your friend. I've had that quote on
my desk, I think, for seven years. The
trend is your friend. I am not here to
create a trend. I'm not here to break a
trend. I'm here to trade with the trend.
What do you think is easier? To swim
against the current or with it? And here
in trading, we are here to swim with the
current. At no point are we ever trying
to predict something when it hits all
the way at the bottom and then we buy or
something when it hits all the way at
the top and then we sell. We trade with
the trends. And another one of the
biggest misconceptions that people have
is that they think that they need to be
in front of the markets all day in order
for them to actually read the market and
become a profitable trader. Do you need
to be in front of the markets for a long
period of time for you to actually
understand how the markets move? Yes.
But once you get it, you don't need to
be in front of the markets every single
day. Another one of the biggest
misconceptions that traders have or
people in general when they get started
into trading is that you need to be in
front of the markets all day every
single day in order for you to be a
trader and a profitable trader. That is
that cannot be further from the truth.
The less amount of time that you spend
in front of the markets, the more amount
of money that you're going to make. It's
very counterintuitive because at the
beginning you actually need to spend a
lot of time so you can learn and
practice it. But once you understand the
skill set, then you don't need to be in
single day. It's like when you're going
to go learn a language, let's say you're
going to learn Chinese, for example,
it's your first time learning Chinese.
Are you going to have to spend more time
than the regular person that wants to
learn Chinese in the class? Yes, you're
going to have to spend more time. But
after you learning Chinese and being in
the class for an extra hour every single
day for the last six months, it gets to
the point where you no longer have to be
in class for you to understand Chinese
and to perfect it. You could be
listening to some music. You could be
interacting with people on the street.
That is where you practice it and you
perfect it. And then you don't need to
speak Chinese every single day in order
for you to master and perfect it. You
just need to make it part of your normal
routine and it just becomes second
nature. Once you learn it, you're not
going to unlearn it. It's the exact same
thing with trading. Once you learn it,
you don't need to be in front of the
markets every single day to trade. You
only trade when it's time to trade. And
by far probably the most important one.
People think you need money to make
money in trading. And I'm going to
answer this. The answer is true. You do
need money to make money. But you don't
need a lot of money to get involved into
trading and make a decent amount of
money. You can get started with a couple
hundred bucks, maybe a couple thousand
bucks, and that is going to lead you to
have returns equally to what you invest.
It it is all based off of
risk-to-reward. If you risk a hundred
bucks, you're going to make a couple
hundred bucks. If you risk a couple
thousand bucks, you're going to make a
couple thousand bucks. You're not going
to turn a one singlehandedly $100 bill
or a couple hundred dollar bills into a
quantion. That's not going to happen.
Can you multiply it and scale it over
time with proper risk management? Yes.
But you don't need a large amount of
money to get involved. And people have
this conception as well as as soon as
they put the money into the market, it's
automatically gone. No, that is the
complete like opposite. You actually
predetermine how much you want to risk
of the capital that you put into trading
every single time. Let's say right now I
go and deposit a h 100red bucks into the
broker that I'm going to be using. That
doesn't mean that that 100 bucks is
invested right away. That just means
that the money is inside of a platform
that then I can go and execute one of
these positions on. Now, before I
execute that position, I'm going to
pre-calculate my risk on my $100. I only
feel comfortable risking $10 on this
trade. That's all I'm going to lose. And
I'm going to be teaching you guys on how
to do that throughout this whole entire
video. But I want to make it extremely
clear what trading is not. Okay. So, now
that you understand that there is
different types of markets out there.
You have the currency market, commodity,
stocks, you have crypto. There is many
different types of traders that executes
on these type of markets. For example,
we can have what is called a positions
trader, which these are also known as
whales, which these traders happen to
take anywhere from one to two positions
a month. These are people that have
large sums of monies and they're
realistically not interested in being
active every single day or every single
week. So now moving on, now that you
understand that there's many different
markets out there, you have the foreign
exchange, the stocks, the crypto, all of
these different markets. There's
different types of ways of trading these
markets and there's many different types
of traders that execute these markets.
Now, you can trade these markets as if
you were to be a position trader, a
swing trader, day trader or a scalper.
You can be any one of these traders and
execute this style of trading on any one
of those markets. For example, if you
were to be a position trader, these are
also considered whales because they are
risking large sums of money either once
or twice a month on certain positions
that they take. They aim to have
anywhere from two to three to 4% a month
realistically with minimal effort,
minimal activity, and just large sums of
money. These large sums of money are
this is why they're called whales and
position trading, but this is more for
kind of institution style and people
that aren't really active in front of
the markets every single day. Can you
make money as a position trader? Of
course. But it does require large sums
of money because you're looking to
target bigger trades. So, you're going
to have very, very, very big take
profits, very, very, very big stop-
losses. I've attempted this style of
trading in the past. It's just very
expensive because you have to risk large
amounts of money because you get charged
every single time you hold a position.
And I'm going to get into all that stuff
later into the video, but this is a
future way of I think everybody will
eventually become a trader of as you
progress throughout this whole entire
chain. Next, we have a swing trader. So,
a swing trader is somebody that anywhere
that takes anywhere from four to five
positions a month. And these positions
that they take are not as big as the
positions traders, but they are decently
big trades. And these trades happen to
have the best risk-to-reward out of any
one of the traders. The swing traders
are the ones that look on the higher
time frames but still incorporate the
lower time frames to have entries and
have great risk-to-rewards. I personally
myself am a mix or a hybrid of a swing
trader and a day trader. And this has
led me to be able to have the sniper
entries of a day trader and the
takeprofits and the great
risk-to-rewards and the big big big
trades because of the swing trading
approach. So a swing trader takes
anywhere from four or five trades a
month. The trades that they take are
very sniper, very accurate, and they
tend to be probably the more patient
traders next to the position trade. Next
to that, we have a day trader. So day
trader are somebody that are obviously
most commonly known in the trade
industry. We all know trading because of
day trading. You trade every single day,
but that doesn't mean that you're
actually trading every single day, but
you're more or less looking to be active
either two to three times a week on a
market. Really depends the types of
opportunities that you get. Because
typically, if you were to enter a trade
today, it should hit your take profit
today. Maybe it can overlap into
tomorrow. That's where you take anywhere
from two to three, maybe even four
trades a week on the higher end. Day
traders tend to have anywhere from a 40
to 50% win rate, but obviously they're
taking a lot of positions and the
risk-to-reward isn't as high. A swing
trader's win rate tends to be anywhere
from 60 to 65% because they're taking
less trades, which the quality means
that they're much better. And then a
swing trader's win rate tends to be
anywhere from 70 to 65% but their
risk-to-reward tends to be even greater
than that. Last but not least, or like I
would like to say definitely least is
going to be a scalper. Scalp trading is
probably what every single person thinks
that they are when they come into
trading because people think that the
more amount of positions that you are
in, the more money that you will make
and that cannot be further from the
truth. A scalper is somebody that tries
to take two to three trades every single
day, a trade every single day. And that
actually overexposes yourself and puts
you at more risk because the more you
get involved into the market, the more
risk you are in. The more you're
actually trading, the more odds you have
of losing. The less you trade, the less
likely you are to lose. So then you
might ask me, "Wait, Alex, so then how
do you actually make money if you're not
involved?" You make money by entering
the right trade at the right spot, and
you let it ride. You make money while
the market moves. You don't make money
by getting involved into the market. Two
very very big like they're two
completely different things. And the
quicker you understand that, the quicker
you're going to make money in trade. You
don't make money in trading by getting
involved. You make money in trading by
getting involved at the right time at
the right place and let the market move.
Let the market do its thing. Let it
create the market structure. Let it go
up. Let it go down. Whatever you're
doing with it, and that's when you make
the money. every single time you enter a
position, you're adding more risk to
your account, which in turn can end up
to you losing. Yes, it could also mean
that you can make money, but nowhere
near as if you were to enter one solid
position and you let it run. If this
doesn't make sense right now, don't
worry. It's all going to click
throughout this video. Right now, I just
want you to have a deep understanding of
the different types of traders that
there is out there. My personal favorite
is going to be a day trader or a swing
trader and then the happy medium right
in the middle. Everybody starts off as a
scalp trader because they want to enter
a bunch of positions thinking they're
going to make more money, but then they
end up developing and growing as a
person and become a day trader. These
are the main types of traders that go
and execute on either the foreign
exchange market, the stock market, or
the crypto market. Okay. So, now that
you understand that what type of markets
you're going to be trading, the type of
trader that you can be on this market,
let's actually start breaking down the
exact markets that you are going to be
trading. We'll figure out what type of
trader you are later in this journey and
see which one makes the most sense for
you. But the most important thing that
you understand is what type of markets
you're going to be trading. So, we're
going to be breaking down the foreign
exchange markets. This is the most
volatile markets, the markets with the
most amount of opportunity and gives you
the most possibility to make the most
amount of money. So, we're going to be
breaking down a forex pair, a currency
pair, a market that is consisted of
currency, right? So, as you can tell,
all of these markets here to my right
hand side, they're all different types
of currency markets. The USD versus the
CAD, the pound versus the Canadian, the
Australian versus the Canadian. And
don't worry, I'm going to teach you how
to set up this whole trading view, all
of this Chinese that you think this is
this is a new language to you. Don't
worry, I'm going to help you set all of
this up. But, we're going to first start
off by breaking down what is a currency
pair and how does this even work? Well,
in order for you to trade the foreign
exchange market, you have to trade one
currency against the other. You're
basically betting that one is going to
get stronger than the other or that that
one's going to get weaker than the
other, which enhances the same exact
thing. If something gets stronger, that
means the other gets weaker. It's very
simple. So, all we are doing when we are
trading a currency market is we are
betting that something is either going
to go up or betting that something is
going to go down. At no given point, if
I'm trading the EuroUSD, for example,
which is this market that we have here,
at no point am I ever actually owning
any actual euro, or am I actually ever
selling the dollar against the euro or
buying the euro against the dollar? If
I'm trading the Canadian dollar versus
the pound, at no point do I actually own
any physical Canadian dollars or do I
have any British pounds at no given
point. All I am doing is I am betting
that one is going to get stronger than
the other. So how does this betting work
you may ask? Well, it's very simple.
This is a currency pair. It's made up of
two different currencies. The first
currency is going to be the base. So
this is the base currency of the pair.
Then we have the quote currency which is
the other currency pair. These two
markets are constantly in a battle. Who
is stronger than the other? If this
market decides to continue to go to the
upside and it starts creating market
structure like this to the upside that
means that the euro is stronger than the
dollar. If this market is then moving to
the downside like this then that means
that the dollar is stronger than the
euro. Now how would I know that? How
does that make sense? Well, it's very
simple because this base currency is
what's going to drive the price up. If
we are currently at a with a very strong
euro market and the euro is very very
very strong that is going to mean that
it's stronger than the dollar and it's
going to push price to the upside. If
the dollar is going to become strong
then that means that it's going to be
stronger than the euro and it's going to
push price to the downside. So this
quote currency the best way to
understand it is if it's getting strong
you want the market to go down. If this
base currency is getting strong, you
want this market to then go up. Now, I
wanted to be very clear. When you want
this market to be strong, when you want
the euro to go to the upside, you want
to buy this market. You're going to buy
eurousd. Once again, you're not buying
any euros. You're essentially just
betting that the euro is going to get
stronger than the dollar for a period of
time, whether that be a couple of hours,
a day, a week, a month, whatever the
case is. But then if you want to sell
EuroUSD, at no given point are you
actually selling the dollar? You're just
betting that the dollar is going to get
stronger than the euro. So are they both
equally as important? Can they both have
equally the same amount of moves?
Absolutely. Just because a market is
going up doesn't mean that that's going
to be more probable or stronger than a
market that is going down. Remember this
market going down doesn't mean that the
dollar is getting weak. it actually
means that it's going to be getting
stronger against the euro. So whenever
you are selling EuroUSD or selling any
market, you're basically betting that
this market is indeed getting stronger
than this one. It really comes down to
the way it represents in this battle
well or in any battle. If somebody is
winning, that means that they are
standing up and fighting and if somebody
is losing, they fall down to the floor.
Well, in this market, it's actually the
complete opposite because this fight
never ends. This fight is a forevergoing
market between the dollar and the euro.
Markets going up, markets going down.
And whenever the markets are going up,
that means that the euro is winning the
fight. Whenever the markets are going
down, that means that the dollar is
winning the fight. But at no point does
a fight ever end, the fight is always
going to go on as long as we have both
of these currencies. So whenever the
fight is going down, that means that the
dollar is getting strong, the euro is
getting weak. Whenever the fight decides
to continue to go back up, that means
that then the euro is going to be
getting stronger against the euro.
That's really what it comes down to.
These are two fighters fighting up and
down. And then whenever they're going in
one direction, that means they're
getting strong. Now, what are these
numbers right here, right? What is this
numbers that keep going up and down?
Well, this is actually probably the most
important thing that you need to
understand what it is, but you're never
going to actually use it because you
don't really care what the actual
exchange rate. So these numbers right
here are the exchange rate of the actual
currency pair. And as you can see it
right here on the live market. That's
why it's 1.17.
So $17
is going to equal 1o. That is really all
that this is right here. So this just
lets you know where the market is in
terms of price. And these numbers going
up and down is what's going to lead you
to determine whether okay, I want to buy
or I want to sell. But at no point are
you ever actually going to be looking at
these numbers. These numbers just
reflect what the actual charts are going
to be doing. When we go to the
candlestick charts, these charts will
just reflect on this price right here.
This price is going to reflect on these
charts. So, this right here is what a
currency pair is. It's a battle of both
of these markets 245 for the rest of
history. And whenever one is going up,
that one's winning. And whenever this
one's going down, this one is winning.
There is endless amounts of currency
pairs out there. I personally trade
myself 15 to 20 different ones because
there's just more opportunity on the
more markets that you trade. And there
is more volatile currency pairs. And
then there is less volatile currency
pairs. Obviously currency pairs that are
less commonly known. Let's say like the
noggin, the Mexican peso that don't tend
to have as much volume compared to the
US dollar, to the euro, or to the
British pound. They're going to be a lot
less volatile. Can you still trade them?
Can there still be loads of
opportunities? Of course. But the odds
of you making big moves on those markets
are very unlikely. Can you still do it?
Yes. And I'm going to be educating you
how to properly do that as we continue
to go on throughout this video. I just
first want to teach you exactly what a
currency pair is and how it works
because this right here is what you will
be trading 245. And you need to
understand exactly what you are doing
whenever you are trading these type of
markets. And these right here are going
to be known as the major currency pairs.
You're going to have your euro versus
the dollar, the pound versus the dollar,
the dollar versus the Japanese yen, the
dollar versus the Swiss Frank, the
dollar versus the Canadian dollar, the
Australian versus the dollar, and the
New Zealand versus the dollar. If you
can see a pattern here, they're always
going to have the dollar in it. The
dollar is obviously the one that is the
most respected, the most valued currency
in the market. It is the simple fact and
it is always going to be used against
the next main currency pair. Now, some
people sometimes ask, why isn't it USD
versus euro? And this is just the way
the market's set up. I don't have the
answer to that question. Is there any
point where they're actually flipped
over? I'm going to be completely honest.
No, I have never even considered that.
But even if it were to get flipped over,
let's say it's the USD versus the euro,
it's still the exact same thing. It's
just this time instead of the dollar
reflecting its strength while going
down, it's going to reflect its strength
while going up. Same thing for the euro.
So, everything remains exactly the same.
This is just the way that the currency
market has set it up. So these are the
main currency pairs that you should be
trading. And the reason why you should
be trading these currency pairs is
because one, there's a lot of volatility
in it. Meaning that it is indeed going
to give you lots of opportunities. Two,
since there is a lot of volatility, that
means that there the cost to operate in
these markets are going to be very low
because people are moving constant funds
inside of these pairs. So the cost to
get involved is not that high. And on
top of that, these tend to also be the
trades that have the best moves in the
right sessions. And three, these are the
markets that tend to have the best
moves. Now, when I mean the best moves,
I mean that they actually have proper
moves because other currency markets
that aren't as volatile or aren't as
respected in the market. They tend to
have the most random moves, moves that
cost people a lot of money and it tends
them to lose. Now, I'm not saying you
shouldn't trade uh any other markets
that are not these, but I'm saying that
these markets tend to have the most
respected moves. They don't tend to have
these major spikes. They don't tend to
have these unnecessary fees which end up
potentially taking you out of your stop
loss when price didn't really make it
there. These are all a bit more advanced
stuff and we'll get to that throughout
this whole entire video. And I trade
these other markets all the time. I
trade the most random markets. You know,
I'll trade the Canadian dollar versus
the Japanese yen and find great
opportunities there. But I just have to
understand it a risk associated with
trading in those currency pairs. This
right here are going to be the major
currency pairs and the ones that tend to
have the best price to actually trade
cost less and have the best moves. So
we'll break these down with the actual
strategy and how to actually trade it
later into this video. Okay, so now
moving on to the next subject. Now that
you understand what a actual currency
pair is and you understand that they're
in a constant battle up and down and
that there is a neverending on this
fight and there's never a winner.
There's just some streaks where one
currency is winning and there's another
streak where another currency pair is
winning. Now you now you have to
understand that this battle this fight
has to be reflected based off of
something like we have to see the trail
of this fight. When a currency pair is
going up, it leaves a trail. When a
currency pair is going down, it leaves a
trail. Now we need somewhere to show us
this fight. Now this fight could be
shown in many different formats. You can
see this fight either in a line chart
formation. You can see that the euro for
example is getting stronger then the
dollar gets stronger then the euro gets
stronger again. So this is the line
chart that is representing how this
fight is going. You can also have this
famous bar chart which the bar chart
shows whenever it's green that the euro
is getting strong. Whenever the red bar
comes out that means the dollar is
getting strong. So on and so forth. Then
we have the candlestick chart which is
the most commonly known in the trading
industry which is where you have the
green and red candles and that is the
representation of the fight. So there's
many different types of charts and all
of these charts are representing the
exact same price. This right here is
Euro USD. This is Euro USD and this is
Euro USD. It's just representing the
fights in a different format. The best
analogy that I can give you for this is
for example, let's say Mike Tyson and
Floyd Mayweather are going to be
fighting. Now, you can either watch the
fight in person or you can watch the
fight on TV or you can hear the fight
over the radio or you can simply hear
the fight over a headphone. Right?
You're hearing, watching, you're getting
the exact same feedback on the exact
same fight at the exact same point.
every single point, whether it's on TV,
whether it's in person, whether it's in
radio, whether you're just listening to
it, you're going to be hearing the same
exact thing. Oh, Mike Tyson at this
point was beating and knocked down Floyd
Mayweather. Floyd Mayweather came back
up, hit him with an uppercut, but then
Mike Tyson knocked him out. Whether you
are hearing that, whether you are seeing
that, whether you are just listening to
it, all of these are the exact same
information of the battle of the
currency pair up and down just being
represented in different ways. That's
really all it is. And the most commonly
known one is going to be the actual
candlestick chart. The candlestick chart
is where you're going to actually be
able to trade off of the famous Japanese
candlesticks and actually see patterns
that constantly repeat themselves in a
very effective way. These are going to
be the markets that I'm going to be
educating you guys on on how to properly
execute these trades and actually trade
in these markets. The bar chart is not
mainly commonly known for traders. This
is used for a different type of style
which I'm not entirely sure how it
works. So, I can explain something I'm
not simply educated on. And if up to
this point right now in my trading
journey, I have literally not used it
one single time. I feel like it's not
necessary. I saw maybe 15 videos of this
when I got started in my trading
journey. None of them ever made sense.
And I just simply wasted time and
clouded my mind with information that I
was simply never going to use and was
not going to be effective in my trading
style at all. So then I wasted time and
not giving focus on to what actually
mattered, which was the candlestick
chart. That's what I'm going to do for
you guys in this video. Tell you guys a
little bit of what everything is.
literally only focus on what matters and
can remove the noise of what doesn't
matter. Next, we have the line chart,
which is equally important because this
is going to lead you to understand the
proper market structure on the time
frame or on the market that you're going
to be interested in. Have an
understanding that this right here is
like watching the real fight in real
time. These candlesticks, these wicks,
these moves down, this is like you're
watching the fight in person. and you're
getting the sweat that is falling on
you. If you're sitting first row, you're
hearing the roar of the audience. Like,
you're getting everything as real, as
raw as it gets. No commercials.
Everything is on the spot. Think of the
line chart as if you were to be watching
the fight on TV. And you might be asking
why. Well, it's because this only
creates these structure points once the
market has actually closed. Once a
candlestick has closed, the next one has
opened. Like, this doesn't really
represent a move until it is completely
done. I'm going to be breaking all that
down in just a second, but think of this
as the next step. So, first you have the
live, which is real raw fight. This is
happening in real time. And then this
you get commercials. Maybe you have
maybe it might have a 15 20 second delay
just because of the way it gets
transmitted. But then after that, there
is nothing else that is going to be
important. We're not going to be using
no bar charts and we're not going to be
using the scatter plot. Neither one of
these are going to be useful. They're
just a different way on how to represent
the fight. I am not educated on it at
all. I just wanted to show you different
representations of how the candlestick
chart looks compared to the line chart.
So, now that you understand that the
only two types of charts that you're
going to be focusing on is going to be
the line chart and the candlestick
chart, let me actually just show you
guys how this looks like in real time,
right? So, let me just remove this right
here and let's actually go to the real
markets. So, right now, for example,
let's say we go to EuroUSD. So, we're
going to type EuroUSD here on Trading
View, and we're just going to go to a
random EuroUSD market. Now, don't worry
if you don't know how to use Trading
View just yet. I'm going to help you set
all that up, but I first want to educate
you on how the charts work. So, we were
to click this section up here, you can
tell that we have our bar charts, we
have our candlestick line charts, we
have our hollows. There's many different
ways on how you can determine whether
this market is going to get stronger or
weaker with all of these different types
of formations. So, now that you
understand that, basically the
difference between the line chart, the
bar chart, and the candlestick chart is
really just how the fight in between the
currency pair is represented. Let me
show you this in a realtime chart.
Right? So, for now, we're just going to
move this down, and we're going to head
over to the top section over here of
Trading View, and I'm going to show you
the multiple different ways on how you
can actually look at this fight. Now,
don't worry. Later into the video, I'm
going to show you how to set up Trading
View, which one of these options should
you actually be looking at, cuz I get
it. This can almost seem like
information overload, but I'd tell you
that maybe 50% of the buttons on this
website you're never going to use, and
the other half of it are very simple to
use, right? So, let's start off with the
bar chart. So right now we are looking
at BTC or we can be looking at EuroUSD
or we can looking at any single chart
right. So for us right now since we're
using Euro USD as the example let's go
to EuroUSD and as you can tell there's
many different Eurusds. You have some on
FXCM on GBEN
Forex.com Kraken. Probably wondering
what's the difference between this
EuroUSD and this one. And the only
difference between this EuroUSD and this
one is that it's on a different server.
So this is the FXEM server. So this is a
broker and this broker gets certain data
feeds and it offers Euro USD at a
different price. It's the exact same
market. It's just offered maybe a couple
of points higher, couple of points
lower. It's really the only difference.
But for example purposes, we're going to
go to this one, right? It's all going to
be the same thing. So right now, this is
what EuroUSD looks like on the actual
bar chart. So, if you notice, whether
it's on a bar chart, whether it's on a
line chart, whether it's on a
candlestick chart, you're always going
to have the price be at the exact same
point, 1.17301.
Now, that is on the ICE server. If we
were to go to a different server, which
let me just type it in right here. So,
we have 1.1301.
Let's say we go to capital.com, we have
it at 1.1303.
The exact same chart. It's just points
are minorly up or down. And the chart
might look slightly different. Something
that you probably like barely even
notice. Just going to have little more
structure points here, less structure
points here. The one that I personally
use is always going to be the server. So
for me, the server is the most accurate.
It's based off of one of the main US
regulated brokers in the US and it's the
one that I personally use for simple I
guess you can almost call it like a
superstition reason, but I've never
really used any other one. I'm sure I
can use any other one. They are all
pretty much the same. The points are off
not much. So, back to the line charts,
back to how these different type of
markets work. We'll get into all of this
different broker stuff, different
markets, liquidities, and and how this
stuff works once we get to that point.
Right now I just want to explain to you
the basic points charts, right? So this
is a line chart. So this line chart
right here is exactly what the fight
looks like in between euro and the US
dollar on the line chart. This is what
the fight looks like on the euro versus
the US dollar on the bar chart. This is
what the fight looks like on the euro
versus the US dollar on the line chart
with markers. If you were to look at the
area, if you were to look at the
columns, if you were to look at the high
low, you were to look at the volume
footprint. I guess I don't have this
option, but if you were to look at any
other one, that is exactly how it looks.
This right here is literally the exact
same market movement. It's just the
fight is being represented in different
ways. the most accurate way and the
cleanest way to look at the market and
actually be able to develop a actual
strategy and be able to predict patterns
based off of how I've been doing it for
the last 7 years and I've been teaching
people to do it is based off of the
candlestick. So we come over here to the
trading view and the candlestick is
going to be the next one, the
candlestick chart. Now, I have a
specific indicator which is called a no
gap candlesticks which is very easy to
apply and I'll show you guys how to
apply it right now just so you can do it
once we get to that point. But it'll be
very easy. All you have to do is just go
to indicators, type in no gap
candlesticks, and I'm kind of getting a
little bit ahead of myself here, but
we'll we'll just do it for now. You
click on the no gap candlesticks, and
then once you click on it, it basically
pops up. And that's how you would
implement the no gap candlesticks. Aside
from that, I'll teach you how to
actually adjust it because right now
you're probably having an overlap with
your actual candlesticks. And you know,
I'll teach you how to do that just a
second later into the video cuz I want
to get into the indicators and I also
want to explain to you how this EMA
works, why I use this EMA, which one is
my EMA, so on and so forth. So the
candlestick charts are basically
consisted of multiple different time
frames based off of these candlesticks.
As you can tell over here next to the
type of candlesticks that I have, these
candlesticks are being represented in
different time frames. For example,
right now we are on the 4hour time
frame, meaning this candle right here
closes every 4 hours. So this
candlestick right here, the way it's
being closed right now, has about 38
minutes left. Meaning it has been open
for 3 hours and 20 minutes nearly. This
candlestick closed 4 hours ago, 4 hours
ago, and 4 hours ago. This is what this
market looks like based off of this
4hour time frame. If we were to go to
the two-hour time frame for example,
this happens to be a candlestick once
again that is closes every 2 hours. So
every single one of these candlesticks
is 2 hours. This candlestick right here
is the 1 hour closes as well in 38
minutes. All because the market closes
in the next 40 minutes. So a lot of
these candlesticks are going to be
closing at the same time. Next on the 30
minute, this candlestick has 12 minutes
left before this one closes. Every
single one of these candlesticks is a 30
minute candle. Then we have the 15-minut
time frame, which this candle closes in
the next 12 minutes as well. All we have
just done here from the 4 hour or if we
go up to the daily or we go up to the
weekly is we are just looking at the
fight from different points in the
arena. So let's say you're actually in
the fight, right? So, we understand that
there's different ways for you to watch
the fight. You have watching the fight
in person, which would be the
candlestick chart. You have the line
chart, which is like watching it on TV.
And then you have the bar chart, which
is like listening to it on the radio or
having some headphones on. Right? These
are all the different formats for you to
actually watch the fight. Now, we've
decided that we're going to watch the
fight in person because it's obviously
the best one. You're there in real time.
You get real updates and you're there
live. There's nothing like being at a
live fight. Now, where are you sitting
in that live fight? Are you right there
front row? Are you in the middle? Are
you a bit higher on the stands? Or are
you in the nosebleleeds? Which one are
you? That's exactly what these time
frames are right here. The higher the
time frame, the higher you're going to
be in the arena. The lower the time
frame, the closer you are going to be to
the ring. And you can get all the way as
low to 1 second. Meaning you can go to
the one second time frame and you can
literally see every single candlestick
that closes every second. I don't have
that feature unlocked here on Trading
View simply because I don't use that
feature. The lowest time frame I go is
the 15. But with the feature that I
have, you can go all the way up to the
one minute, meaning every single minute
a candlestick closes and you're going to
be seeing every single one of those
details. Believe me, you're never going
to want to be this low into the time
frames. It's just way too detailed. You
can never actually see anything. And
this right here is just a quick
representation to give you a visual of
what I'm talking about. So, we've
decided that we're going to go watch the
fight in person. Now, there's many
different places we could be sitting. We
could be at the skyscrapers, which is
going to be like the weekly time frame.
We could be here in this middle area,
which this is going to be the daily time
frame. Then, we can have this outer
area, which this could be the 4 hour.
This area could be the 2hour. This area
could be the 1 hour. And then this area
up over here can be the 30 minutes. And
this can be the 15 minutes. Speaking
from personal experience, the best area
to actually be sitting on these fights
is going to be the weekly time frame.
Now, you may be asking, Alex, why that's
super far? Well, because from up here,
you can actually see the fight. You're
actually looking from the top down. The
closer you actually get to the arena,
you're looking at it more of a
horizontal way. And I don't know about
you guys, but I wasn't blessed to be the
tallest guy in the room, right? I'm not
super short. I'm 5'9, 510. At these
fights, everybody happens to be giants
and everybody likes to stand in this
area here. So, if everybody's standing
and they're taller than me, I can't see
the fight. And the fight is on a
platform. And since the fight's on a
platform, guess what? Not only can I not
see because there's somebody big on top
of like right in front of me, but then
the fight is also elevated. So, you're
almost looking up. And if the people
were to fall, for example, on this side,
I can't see them at all. Like, you're
just not seeing them. you have to be
looking up directly to the screen to see
what's happening. So, the point that I
want to get to this is don't think the
more detailed you can see stuff and
because something closes every single
minute or every single second that it's
better because you get to see more
details. That's actually completely
false. You want to make sure that you
can be watching in from above and you
can see everything from a higher
standpoint and you can almost see stuff
coming because you're watching
everything as it unfolds. So, this is
how going through the candlestick
formats is right. So, we're looking at
the exact same price, right? So, if you
notice right here, this is EuroUSD. On
the daily time frame, it's 1.1314.
If we go down to the 4 hour, it's the
same 1.1314.
Obviously, the market's moving right
now, so it's going to fluctuate one of
these two points. But if I go down to
the 2 hour, 1 hour, and the 30 minute
quickly, you can see that it's all the
exact same price feed. You're just
looking at it in a much more detailed
format. It's just being represented in a
more detailed. So this 4hour candlestick
right here that we are looking at, it's
being broken down into two candlesticks
when we go to the 2-hour time frame. So
now it's going to be these two
candlesticks right here. Now these two
candlesticks are going to be broken down
into another candlesticks once we go
down to the 1 hour. Now these
candlesticks right here, this 1 hour
candlestick is going to be broken down
to then another 30 minute candlestick
once we go down to the 30 minute. So on
and so forth. So, what I'm trying to get
you to understand here is that when
you're looking at the candlesticks,
because you go from this time frame to
this time frame, doesn't mean you're
looking at a completely different
market. You're looking at a completely
different format. No, you're looking at
the exact same fight. You're looking at
the exact same market, just in a much
more detailed way. And sometimes having
those details is good. Sometimes having
those details is bad. All that unfolds
and it kind of comes together when
you're actually executing a strategy and
doing proper top- down analysis and
executing on the market. And I'm going
to teach you guys how to do all that
later into this video. Right now, I've
just taught you what type of markets,
how to break it down, and then the
importance of understanding why these
time frames are a thing. Right? So,
that's only the beginning of these time
frames. Now, a lot of you guys may be
asking, Alex, okay, cool. I get it. But
how does the candlestick actually work?
Like, what is this line up here? What is
this line down here? Very simple.
Picture, we can go down to the one
minute time frame to see this as real as
it gets. Picture this market right here
as this candlestick right now is about
to close in the next two seconds. It's
going to close right there. And now
another one is going to open from where
this one closed. As soon as this next
candlestick opens from this one that
closed, it's either going to go up or
down, right? It's really not going to do
anything else. Now, this market, as soon
as it opened, it went up. Now, if this
market in the next 42 seconds, it
decides to not move at all, it will
close like that. and then another
candlestick will open right next to it
and it will either continue to go up or
go down. But let's say right now that
this market decides to have a push to
the downside. There's going to be what
is called a wick, which is that exactly
right there once it actually had a
little bit of a retracement, which will
look like this. It's going to be a wick.
That wick is basically representing
where price has been. So, for example,
right there, you can tell price has been
to that high point. So, if I were just
to get a line right here, that is the
highest point the body of that move has
been. And if this market decides to now
have a reversal down and close to the
downside, it will close with that wick.
So, in the next 2 seconds, we're about
to find out if it's going to close with
that wick or not. And I believe it has
closed with the wick. Right now, since
we're headed towards the closure of
market, market tends to move, you know,
pretty slow. There's just simply not a
lot of volatility. But this next
candlestick should be opening right now.
And as soon as it opens, it's either
going to continue going up or come down.
And this candlestick will officially
have been closed with that wick. And you
can see that this next candlestick just
opened super quick. Had a push to the
downside. And now at one point it was
down here. I just literally didn't
manage to grab it because I was going
back and forth on the time frames, but
came down here. Then it went back up.
Now this next candlestick, this one has
closed here. This one opened, wicked up.
Now it's wicking back down, wicking back
up. So what this line is, what this tail
is, what this hair wick, whatever, what
the proper name is a wick. This right
here is a wick, but many people have a
lot of creative names for it. All this
right here is just the history of where
price has been. So right now this
candlestick is currently creating that
wick right now. It's currently creating
that high created up to that point. And
if it closes right here, that is where
the trail of the candlestick has been.
This is the market showing us how the
market is moving. Is it moving very
aggressively to the upside? Is it
rejecting this area? Because this wick
right here is shown as a sign of a
rejection. Clearly price was bullish or
this candlestick was completely filled
all the way up to this point. But
something happened in the market that it
pushed it down. In turn, that should
then mean that it should continue to be
pushed down. For example, that closed
with a small wick at this area. So that
means that the sellers aren't as strong,
but now we have very strong sellers
coming into this area. Now, for example,
so let's say this market closes with the
wick all the way down here and out. And
you can see how this market can wow this
is you know moving very aggressively but
this is showing you guys how the markets
can move how fast it can move even
though we are in the last couple of
hours of the markets. This right here if
it somehow reverses and it has a push to
the upside then this would have a very
big wick right it could look something
like this. But see this right here is
continuously pushing down this market.
And if wherever it closes this wick is
doing the trail of where that market has
been. Now that wick is equally as
respected when it comes to the 1 minute
time frame, 15-minut time frame, 1 hour
time frame, daily, 4 hour. These are all
different types of wicks that are being
created. So, as you can tell on the 1
minute time frame, that might have
looked like a massive bearish
candlestick, but you look at it right
here in the 4 hour and this 4 hour looks
pretty much exactly the same from when
we started talking about this subject a
couple of minutes ago. So that's why the
lower time frames it might seem like a
very big wow move but in reality it
doesn't affect any of the higher time
frames. Are the lower time frame used in
order to determine a trade and do they
go in sync with the higher time frames?
Absolutely. But there's a way there's a
time and a place to actually execute
that correctly. But if you can tell that
one minute big bearish candlestick looks
like it might have had this fall off a
cliff. But then when you go look at it
back to the 4 hour time frame, this
literally looks exactly the same from
when we actually started trading. But I
just want you guys to understand what
these wicks are. That means that the
market at one point it was a completely
bullish candlestick into this area and
then something drove price all the way
down and then it ended up closing here.
Once it closed here, this candlestick
opened, had its move up and down,
created that history. This is where this
market closed. Then this one opened up,
had its history, it closed, and then
this is where this one opened up, had
this push up, and as of right now, it's
right here. And then next 24 minutes,
this candlestick will close. And then
another one will open and either have
its push up or down or however it ends
up closing. But once one candlestick
closes, another one opens right next to
it. And this will be the neverending
battle of the market. And our job as
traders is to determine what that next
move is going to be and let's us
capitalize off of that move because
these market opportunities and these
this battle is a never-ending battle.
All right. So now moving on to the next
subject. Now that you understand that
the candlestick chart is like watching a
fight. That is the way that it's being
represented. And the closer you are to
the arena which is the lower the time
frame you are means the more precise
you're watching the fight. The higher
the time frame you are, the higher you
are actually watching the time frame,
but you're watching the exact same
trade. You're watching the exact same
market. You're watching the exact same
fight. It's just being represented in a
much more detailed format. Your USD, you
could be watching on a daily, 1 hour, 30
minute. You're just looking at in a much
more detailed format. And now you know
what those wicks are and how the
candlestick leaves those trails, so on
and so forth, right? But I want to
explain to you now the actual trading
sessions when it comes to the strength
of the time to actually be watching that
fight. When is the right time to
actually be there and be involved?
Because if not cuz you know to be honest
you can't really be involved 24/7 even
if you wanted to because you're going to
be there at times where there will
simply be absolutely no volume where
you're just going to waste your time and
the people are going to be tired. Right?
So, the best way I could put the
analogy, and I love my analogy
sometimes, but I feel like they're just
too precise that I I I forget to go back
to trading. If people are fighting,
there's going to get a point where
they're going to get tired, right? And
if they're tired and, you know, they're
drinking water, they're stretching,
they're eating food, you know, that's
pretty boring, right? You want to see
blood, you want to see somebody get
knocked out, you want to see somebody
lose a tooth. That only happens at
specific times. That's after they
rested. That's after they're well eaten
and they're actually ready to fight. And
that only happens at specific times,
right? That's that that's exactly what
I'm talking about in the market. Yes,
you want the market to have these big
massive moves to the upside, these big
swings, and you want to catch these big
trades, but that doesn't happen all the
time. Like the market gets tired. The
market has movements at only specific
times. So, these are the highest volume
sessions and then these are the slowest
volume sessions. So, we're going to
start off with the Sydney session. So,
we have Sydney session and Tokyo
session. So this tends to happen around
5 to 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 EST. So this is
basically the afternoon. This is when
people finish their 9 to5. This is all
of the afternoon. And as you can tell,
the lighter the color, the less the
volume session. The darker the color,
the more session there is. This right
here is exactly when the fighters are
taking a break. They're stretching.
They're eating. They're cleaning up
their sweat. They're closing up their
wounds. They're taking a break. So, if
you are in front of the arena at this
time, you are simply watching nothing.
Yeah, they're going to be there, you
know, cleaning up one another. They
might be talking smack back and forth,
but they're not fighting. You're not
going to see blood, right? Cuz there's
no volume. You can be in front of the
markets at this time. Yes, it's going to
be moving. It's going to be creating
little moves up and down like this,
exactly how I just showed you, but
you're not going to have those big
swings. Why? Because there is no volume.
There's no volume in Sydney session or
Tokyo session. There is absolutely no
volatility there. Is there a oneoff
moment where there could be a a quick
pump that happens there? Yes, that can
be one in every 20 trading days. But are
you going to be in front of the arena
knowing that one out of 20 trading days
one guy might just get up and sucker
punch the other guy? Probably not,
right? You don't want to bet your money
on that. The odds of that happening are
unlikely. Just whenever it happens,
you'll watch the video and it pops up
and then usually they'll go back to
fighting in just a couple of hours. Is
there going to be a time where you're
not looking at the markets in the
session and it has a moves? Yeah, sure.
But that's not that wasn't your time to
be watching the market anyways. So,
Sydney and Tokyo session are going to be
the sessions that you are not going to
be trading. You're not going to be
interested at executing any trades. I
use these time frames right here to go
do stuff with my life. I go and work
out. I go and try and have a life that's
not just staring at the charts.
Beginning of pre-London session and then
we have all of London session. This is
when the battle begins. This is where
things start getting very, very, very,
very rough. Now, I would argue that this
chart is a bit inaccurate. I'd say this
could be a little bit darker, maybe a
little bit more this way. But this right
here begins from 1 in the morning. So,
at 1:00 in the morning, I start doing my
pre-London analysis session because
London session opens right at 3:00 in
the morning. And pre-London, which is
1:00 a.m. to 2:00 a.m., there already
starts to be some volatility and the
market starts to move very well. Then
you obviously have all of London
session, which lasts from 3:00 in the
morning all the way up to around 12:00
p.m. EST. Now, there's something
beautiful that happens inside of the
currency market at this point right
here, and that is that the New York
session happens to open up in the same
time that the London session is ongoing.
So, London session opens up at 8:00 in
the morning, and it overlaps the London
session, creating this extremely
volatile point in the market. So I like
to enter my trades either pre-London
session or during London session. So
then the trade has good volatility. It
starts going in my direction and then
once New York session kicks in, it just
adds more fuel to the fire which ignites
it even more and gives it more of a
movement. And then typically right
around the ending of London session,
halfway through New York session, the
market starts to slow down again and
then things start to just not get any
volatility. The market takes a break for
a couple of hours and then the pattern
repeats itself. This will repeat itself
from Monday to Friday every single day.
Now the key point here that you need to
understand is that there is
realistically only a window that you
need to be involved into the market. You
can only get involved in the market from
1 in the morning all the way up to
around 10:30 in the morning. And some of
you guys may be asking, "But wait, Alex,
there's still some volatility over here
where the New York session and the
London session overlap." It's like, yes,
correct. Yes, there's still going to be
some fights going down here. It's still
going to be aggressive, but it's it's
headed towards the end of that. And you
don't want to enter a trade while it's
being extremely volatile and then what
ends up happening is that it slows down
for the next 10 hours because at let's
say you enter a trade at around noon,
right? You're not going to be having any
volatility for the next nearly 10 hours.
1 2 3 4 we have 10 11 12 11 hours.
You're going to have absolutely no
volatility in your trade. Does it make
sense to enter a trade that is not going
to have any movement for the next 11
hours? Not really. And you're going to
pay an unnecessary fee once the market
closes and then opens up again because
every single day at 5:00 p.m. EST the
market closes, it opens up literally for
like 1 minute. And then what ends up
happening is you have to pay a swap, you
have to pay commission fees for holding
trades overnight. And it just come not
only does it cost more money to do that,
but then you just have trades that are
going to be in the same point for the
next 11 hours. And there's nothing more
that I hate than looking at my money do
nothing, right? I either want my trade
to hit my stop loss or hit my takeprofit
right away. I don't want to be in the
same exact point of the market just
being still for the next 11 hours. So,
you want to enter the trade either right
before the session starts to kick in,
either right in the middle of London
session, right before the real batter
starts to kick in inside of that battle
or right before it starts to drop off.
You can enter a trade anywhere 9 10 in
the morning and then you can catch the
ending of the overlap of London and New
York session. Anything after 10 in the
morning I have not taken a trade after
that time. I can't even remember. I
think it's been 4 years since I have
taken a trade past 10:30 in the morning.
Now once again is there going to be an
example? is going to be a 1 out of 20,
one out of 30 probability that the trade
that you would have taken at, let's say,
12:00, it actually ends up hitting your
takerit by 8:00 p.m. Sure, of course,
there's always going to be these one-off
opportunities. But that is not how you
build a sustainable, profitable
strategy. That is a strategy that you
follow time and time and time and time
and time again. This is something that
is proven system that it simply just
works. You get involved before the
session kicks in either right in the the
middle of it in the middle of the peak
over the overlap or right before the
ending session of that. This has led me
to have my biggest trade. I think I my
biggest trade is like half a million
dollars. This is what led me to be able
to have that trade. This also led me to
be able to avoid many losses. Because if
you are only focused in trading about,
let's say, six to seven hours out of the
whole entire trading day, you're really
only focused on a very specific time
right here. And I know this tends to be
an issue because a lot of people tend to
be at jobs anywhere from or either at
jobs or sleeping from 1:00 in the
morning to about 10:00 in the morning.
Like this is a crucial time right here.
But I will tell you this, the sacrifice
is definitely worth it to be involved in
between these time frames right here.
From 1 in the morning to 10 in the
morning, EST is the most accurate times
for you to be trading. Anything outside
of this time frames right here, I could
guarantee you, you will not have
anywhere near as much volatility. It
just simply does not happen. The two big
banks are going to be closed and you're
just not going to have enough volume.
And this is goes especially to the
markets that have the US in it. any
markets that have the dollar for example
let's trade let's say you're trading
euro USD if the euro if the dollar is
asleep and the banks are closed how do
you expect for that to have any movement
in this session over here so this goes
specifically to those markets like
GBPUSD eurousd anything that bols that
involves the USD if the USD market is
asleep or it is not open it's not going
to have any volatility can you still
trade USD markets in the London session
cuz technically the London session
hasn't opened. Yes, actually it's even
better cuz let's say you trade EuroUSD
or GBPUSD. You're trading the pound
right when the market opens over there
and then when New York session opens,
you get double the volatility with the
same exact currency pair. That right
there is the golden ticket to having the
perfect moves. Now, you obviously need
to align that up with a strategy. You
need to know what you're looking at in
the charts. Just because it's 1 in the
morning, you can't just click buy or
click sell and expect to make money. Can
you get lucky? Sure. But that's not once
again how you have a sustainable income
while you're trading. So to sum things
up, yes, the markets are open 245 and
technically you could go and execute a
trade at any one at those hours. You can
literally go and hit the buy or sell
button at any time you want. But there
is going to be a high chance that if you
are not in the correct session that you
one are going to pay unnecessary fees,
and two, you're going to be stuck in a
volume that is going to simply have no
movement. I want to make sure that I can
enter a trade when there's going to be a
lot of movement and the odds of my trade
winning are going to be a lot higher.
So, this right here is the currency
market trading session. And this works
for every single currency per hour
there. Whether it is AUD, JPY, USD, JPY,
Euro AUD, everything is always going to
fall inside of this trading session
right here. That is going to be the
session that is going to create the best
movements at any given point. And the
key of it is so you know how to put that
together with a profitable strategy. And
I'm going to be teaching you that in the
next couple of hours. All right. So now
you understand that you actually need to
be trading in a proper session and where
you need to be in that fight, you got to
make sure you're there at the right
times. But now you're probably asking,
"All right, Alex, I get it. But what do
I need in order for me to actually go
and execute a trade in these markets?
What do I have to actually do so I place
a bet on the fight? I think I got the
potential fighter that I think is going
to win for the next couple of rounds.
What is the actual platforms that I can
go and execute that buy position or that
sell position? Well, it's actually very
simple. You realistically just need
these three platforms right here. So,
the first platform that you're going to
need is going to be Trading View. So,
Trading View is what we've been on
pretty much this whole entire time.
Trading View is where the actual charts
are going to be represented. Trading
View is where you're going to analyze
the charts and determine if you want to
either buy or sell the market. Trading
View is where you're going to do your
top down analysis, where you're going to
mark up your charts. This is where you
see all these traders with these fancy
lines with you see them with these
boxes. You see them with these wins and
all of these losses. This is where
you're going to see traders with
drawings and where they analyze their
trades and have notes based off of what
type of trade they're executing and
where it meets their strategy. So once
you've analyzed here on your actual
charts that you want to determine that
you want to buy or sell a market, you
then need to go to a broker. So, let's
say right here you've been watching the
fight for the last 5 minutes, 10
minutes, and you're like, you know what?
I see Mike Tyson that he's strong. I see
Floyd May that he's weak or vice versa.
And for you to go ahead and place that
bet, you have to literally get up from
the fight and you have to go to the
betting station at these fights, you go
ahead and place your bet, and then you
go back down and then you watch the
fight. This is pretty much the exact
same thing. So, on Trading View, you're
analyzing your charts. you determine
that you want to bet that the euro is
going to get stronger than the dollar or
that the dollar is going to get stronger
than the euro. So, you get out of
trading view and then you are going to
go to a broker. So, a broker is where
you're going to go ahead and give them
the money and then you're going to
execute your trade uh based off of what
you want to do. So, I recommend many
different brokers. One of the brokers
that I recommend is going to be LQ
Markets. This broker accepts traders.
They have a 1 to500 leverage. You can
start off with small $10 deposit. They
have many different types of accounts
that you can go ahead and use with them.
And another just in case if you don't
like LQ Markets for whatever reason. I
also recommend OneX Trade. This is
another platform or another broker that
I would recommend. Also, pretty cool
features of them is that they have these
lotsiz calculators. You can
pre-calculate your risk on your
positions here. And I'll explain all of
that in just a second. But basically,
once you were to deposit your funds into
the broker, now can you actually go and
execute the trade on the broker? The
answer is no. You cannot. for you to go
ahead and execute the position. The
broker is going to then take that
position into a marketplace. So this
right here, what the broker does is like
the middleman from the real marketplace.
So there's a real marketplace slash
liquidity and us as retail traders as we
are, even including myself, whether it's
my experience or how good of a trader I
am, I am still a very small fish inside
of this industry. So, what the broker is
going to do is the broker is going to
take your funds and whenever you place a
position, then they're going to go ahead
and then feed it to the real market
because then the real market is going to
then feed it back into the broker. So,
what the broker is, it's like the
middleman of the real markets. So,
whatever you're seeing here in the
markets, which is, let's say, 1.17312,
they get that offered at a different
price. Let's say they get it offered at
1.730.
So, what the broker is going to do is
they're going to charge you a spread.
They're going to charge you a fee for
them entering that position into the
real market for you. And that's the
broker game. Some brokers charge you
higher fees than others. That's why I
have two of them cuz sometimes these
fees range. Some of them charge fees for
holding positions every single day
because they are the ones that are going
to go ahead and actually execute your
trade into the real market. And then
based off of your results, whenever you
decide to close your position, whether
you win or lose, the market feeds it
back to the broker. and then the broker
feeds it right back to you. The broker
is the middleman for you to get access
to the real markets. You cannot get
access to the real markets without a
broker unless you're a bank. And I right
now have no possibility to be a bank.
You need tens of millions of dollars for
that. You need proper licensing. And
truthfully, I rather pay the broker the
couple bucks that it takes for them to
connect my trade into the market. It
makes things far easier. Now, you can't
go ahead and execute the trade on the
broker itself. The broker is like the
bank. So, picture this right here as if
it were to be Chase Bank or as if it
were to be Wells Fargo. Now, when you go
send money from Chase Bank or whenever
you go pay somebody from Chase Bank to
Wells Fargo, you're not going to be
paying them via Chase Bank. You're going
to be paying them either PayPal or Zel
or Stripe. It's going to be a payment
processor that's going to process your
payment to somebody else. Can you do a
wire transfer? Can you do all of these
other stuff? Yes. But we're going to use
the example of using these third-party
merchants that actually send money back
and forth. So when you go to the broker,
the broker accepts your funds and then
when you're going to go ahead and
execute a trade, which is going to be
like sending money, you're then going to
use a platform called MetaTrader 5. So
MetaTrader 5 is going to be the platform
that you are going to actually execute
your position on. So you first go to
Trading View, you determine if you want
to enter a trade or not. You deposit
funds into the broker. The broker is
like a bank. You can just have funds in
there just chilling. And then whenever
you're ready to go ahead and execute the
trade, you go to MetaTrader. So once you
deposit money into the broker, you
pretty much skip the broker every single
time because you just go from the charts
straight to the platform to go ahead and
execute the trade. Once you are in
Trading View to execute the trade,
simply click buy or sell. That's pretty
much it. So here, based off of your
analysis that you did on Trading View,
you're going to go ahead and then
execute the trade at this point. So,
simplest analogy that I can put is
you're watching the fight. After the
fight, you go to the little betting
station at the arena. And then from that
betting station, they're going to give
you a little piece of paper. The little
piece of paper is your slip that you've
just betted on. And this is basically
what your slip is going to be. So, this
is where you're going to be able to see
if your trade is in profit, if your
trade is in loss, and whatever directly
is reflected off of MetaTrader 5, then
it's going to go right back into the
broker. So, no money is ever inside of
MetaTrader 5. MetaTrader 5 is just a
platform that represents the positions
that you've actually executed on the
broker. Some brokers offer MetaTrader 5,
some brokers don't. Doesn't really
matter if they do or if they don't. This
is just simply one of the actual ways
for you to execute the trades into the
market. There is hundreds of difference
of platforms for you to execute trades
in the markets. There's hundreds of
difference of brokers out there. And all
this platform really does is just the
most commonly known one and the one that
I personally use. This is just the main
known one for you to be able to go ahead
and execute those positions on there. So
this MetaTrader 5 is never like this is
not a broker. This is just one of those
payment processors. If you go ahead and
try and pay somebody with PayPal, you
can go ahead and then use Stripe. If you
Stripe doesn't work, you'll use Zel. If
Zel doesn't use your try something else,
right? It's just it's a different
platform to just execute the trades on.
But the money will always be inside of
the broker. It's just reflected on this
platform right here. Basically, win or
lose money then you know goes back into
the broker and then there you can decide
to withdraw. Take it to your bank, take
it to an exchange, take it to wherever
and then you simply just withdraw your
funds. So these are the only tools you
are going to need for you to actually be
able to be ready to take a trade. You
analyze the markets on Trading View.
Then you go ahead and have your broker
of choice. I recommend both of these
brokers. Is there hundreds of other
different brokers out there? Yes. I
personally like these two brokers simply
because they offer higher leverages and
for the type of account flips that I
personally do. You know, I've taken very
small amounts of money to very large
amounts of money. It's very hard to do
that on heavily regulated brokers simply
because if something is heavily
regulated, they will not allow that high
leverage and I would much rather have my
funds on a broker that lets me have more
access to my funds and I'm able to
actually leverage it more. So that's
what these two brokers offers. trusted
brokers in my opinion. I've been using
them for a very long time and they're
not the best ones. I'm sure there's
others out there that offer different
fee structures, um, different commission
structures and I leave you go to go
ahead and do your own due diligence on
it. But these are the both brokers that
I recommend and I have been using for
some very long time. And then same thing
with MetaTrader 5. Is MetaTrader 5 the
end all beall platform where you can go
ahead and execute your trades? No.
There's hundreds of different trading
platforms out there that you can go
ahead and execute your positions on.
Metatrader 5 is just the most commonly
known one that everybody's probably seen
it. This is like a PayPal. You're going
to send money from one friend to
another. You're going to do it through
PayPal. And if not, it's a different
one. At the end of the day, what matters
is that the money is sent through. At
the end of the day, what matters is that
the trade is actually executed. That's
pretty much it. Now, if you want to
withdraw your funds in crypto and then
you want to take it from crypto to your
bank account, there's many different
exchanges. You know, you have the
biggest ones which are Coinbase, you
have Binance, you have Kraken. There's
many different exchanges that you can go
ahead and send those funds to and then
from there you take it to your bank.
Now, how can you deposit into the
brokers? You, you know, these brokers
take credit, debit card or they can send
them a BTC, crypto, however you want.
So, it's however you want to deposit the
funds into the broker. But these are the
only trading platforms you are going to
need for you to be able to execute a
trade successfully. There is hundreds of
different other platforms out there,
right? There's hundreds of different
other, you know, web links, hooks that
you can add, but I guarantee you, you do
not need anything else aside from this
right here. This is my window of
trading. And these are the only tabs
that I will ever have open. My trading
view, the brokers that I use, my
checklist for my strategy, my community,
and last but not least, Forex Fac. Forex
Factory, as you can tell, is the last
one on my list. Not because it is the
least important, but because it is the
one that I potentially use the least.
And that is because this right here is a
fundamentals tab. So Forex Factory is
mainly driven by fundamentals. So as you
can tell here, if we were to click on
the calendar section of Forex Factory,
we're going to have all of these
potential impact news that are going to
pop up. And as you can tell, what we
have is if I were to just go back one
time, this lets us know the exact date
and time when news are going to come out
for a specific currency. And the color
of this folder is the importance of it.
So something that is a red folder is far
more important than something that's an
orange folder. And obviously we have
yellow folders and then gray folders,
but I simply just don't use them because
they obviously are very slightly like
they don't impact the market at all. So,
I always like to focus on the red
folders, but this is the only other
platform if it causes any possible
curiosity for you to understand the
fundamentals. And I'm going to break
down the difference between fundamental
trading and actual technical trading
later on into this video. But this is
the only other platform that is going to
be needed. Here you can literally see
what the forecast of the fundamentals
are going to be, what it was previously,
and then what it actually was. And as
you can tell, for the majority of the
part, it really is never that much off.
And these doesn't really create any big
impacts into the market. These are all
very minimal. Even the big red folders
don't really have a big impact on the
market. It happens occasionally, but
it's not a way for you to actually
create a profitable strategy. So, these
are the main trading tools, the main
trading platforms that you're going to
need. The last but not least will be
forexfactory.com. That is just for you
to understand the actual fundamentals of
the trade. Aside from that, you do not
need any other trading platforms. You do
not need any other tools. You don't need
anything else. All you need is just your
trading view. You need your broker and
then you need the platform for you to
actually execute the trade. And that is
it. So now taking this a step further,
I'm going to actually show you guys how
to create an account on a broker and how
easy it is to deposit into it. So right
now we're watching the fight. Euro USD
is going up and I see that Euro is going
to get stronger. Let me go ahead and buy
the euro. So we're going to put the
example on 1xtrade.com. So go to 1
onxtrade.com. I created a random demo
account. Just used a random email and
this is the portal inside. So, some
people sometimes get tempted or some
people get skeptical by this, but it's
very easy process. It's very seamless
process, right? So, right here, as you
can tell, it's a brand new account.
There's no real transactions. There
really isn't anything. Dashboards are
super simple because everything is
straight to the point. All this is right
here is like a bank. The money is going
to reflect here how much you deposited,
how much you've profit, and how much
you've withdrawn. Very simple. and where
you see the actual trades, where you see
the actual P&L, all of that is going to
reflect on MetaTrader. So, we're going
to go one step at a time. So, right here
we have 1xtrade.com. This is the
dashboard. And let's say we want to go
ahead and deposit some funds. For us to
deposit some funds, we need to go ahead
and create an account. Once we create
one of these accounts, we can pick from
either a standard, a commission free, or
an expert account. For this example,
we'll just go with a standard. The
difference usually tends to be minimal.
And we're going to go with a 1 to 500
leverage, right? Very easy, very simple.
This is the max leverage that they
offer. I'm going to explain what
leverage is later on into this video.
So, I want to go one thing at a time.
So, right here, as you can tell, we have
created a account. So, now we have 1
to500 leverage. We have $0 balance and
we have zero equity into our account.
So, for us to go ahead and actually
deposit it, we click quick deposit up at
this top section over here. Now, we have
the option to deposit in crypto or we
can go ahead and deposit in credit card.
So, this is a much faster process and it
can be done in the next couple of
seconds. I'm just going to use crypto
and we're going to go ahead and click on
this account. Make sure that we have
crypto as our option. We don't have a
promo code, but we are just going to
place a basic $100 deposit into this
broker. Minimum is 10 bucks, but I'll do
a 100 bucks. Promo codes. If this is if
you have any actual, you know, credits
like, you know, use promo code Alex, for
example, you get an extra 100 bucks. Not
saying that's a real thing, but
sometimes they offer promos for that
stuff. So, let's say we click deposit
into the trading account. I can deposit
in Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, Tether,
or USDC coin. We're going to use USDT
ERC20 for this example. And this is the
actual wallet address. So, I'm going to
head over to my phone and just send a
quick 100 bucks just to show you guys
how simple this is. So, right now, I'm
sending the funds from my cold wallet
into this platform. So, just waiting for
this to load. Some people don't have a
code wallet. You guys can use credit
debit. Usually takes a little bit longer
because, you know, the processing has to
go through. Crypto tends to be pretty
quick. So, I've already sent it over.
Should pretty much reflect into my P&L
here. Pretty simple. Once payment is
confirmed, they will be reflected on
your account. Cool. So, we can just go
back over to our dashboard here and
pretty much just give it a couple of
seconds and it should pop up pretty
quick. And as soon as it pops up, I'm
basically going to log in over here to
my MT5 account on my phone. And then
we're going to see how that is going to
be reflected then. So let's give it a
couple seconds until the balance pops
up. All right, so quick update about 7
minutes later 100 bucks got here. This
is probably like the part where a lot of
people get sketched out. Sometimes you
just have to let the crypto do its
thing. It takes time. It's part of the
process. Usually it takes, you know, 1
to two minutes. This time it took 7
minutes. I guess it's because it's a
near market closure. I don't know what
the case is, but the funds are now here.
Quick 100 bucks. So picture this as if
this were to be like the bank, right? So
the funds are now in the bank. Now in
the bank, you can't actually go and send
any funds out. You have to connect it to
PayPal, which is going to be MetaTrader.
And then you connect your funds to
MetaTrader and you can go ahead and
execute your trades and send the trades
out to the markets. You want to send
these funds out to anybody. Now it goes
from this bank. You connect to PayPal
and then you can send it to whoever. So
we come here, we click on view. You can
tell we have the MetaTrader 5 account.
We have a standard account. This is my
account number. All I have to do now is
go to MetaTrader. And when I go to
MetaTrader, I search up the server. So,
it's 1x trade server. I click on the
server. I then put on the account
number, put my password, and I'm pretty
much logged in. As you can tell, this is
a brand new account. There's literally
no history on it. There's no anything,
right? We can go to transactions. We can
go to everything. You can tell the 100
bucks just got completed literally 7
minutes ago. And I'm going to log in now
to Trading View. I mean, I'm going to
log in now to MetaTrader so you guys can
go ahead and see how that looks in that
option right now. So, the money is in
the bank. Let's now go to the actual
platform where we're going to execute
the trade on. All right. So, now that we
have officially logged into our
MetaTrader on the phone, this is what
it's going to look like. So, I'm just
going to screen record here on my phone.
They probably put half the screen the
MetaTrader half the screen myself. So,
basically over here once we are actually
inside of MetaTrader. So, we're going to
have 1 2 3 4 and then five buttons all
the way over here at the bottom. As you
can tell, this is the server that we are
in, 1x trade. And you can tell this is
the exact same account number as you can
see over here on the actual backend or
the dashboard of your account. You can
tell it's 820838.
So once you go to the dashboard area of
this area and then you create a new
account, it automatically creates a
brand new MetaTrader account for you.
They send you the the login password
directly to your email and all you have
to do is log in. Once you log in, the
money gets deposited into here and then
it's going to reflect onto here, which
is going to be the balance area of the
MetaTrader 5. So, the middle section is
where you can actually see your balance.
You can see the equity, the free margin,
which is where the trades are going to
be fluctuating up and down. The button
next to that is going to be the history
button. Here, you're going to be able to
see how much money you've deposited into
the platform. You can see the pending
orders, deals, everything, right? So,
this is basically the history of the
account. Obviously, we've only deposited
100 bucks. It's all we're going to see
in this account. Settings option.
Everything here is pretty
self-explanatory. This is just kind of
the settings of the Metatrader 5. You
can never realistically use this unless
you're going to create a brand new
account or log into a different one. The
chart area, this is where you can
actually see the chart of the price that
you are going to be trading or the the
market you're going to be trading. For
example, let's say we were looking at
EuroUSD. We go over here to the quote
section, which is going to be the last
button all the way to the left. And
let's say right now we're trying to
trade EuroUSD for example and it's not
reflecting. All we have to do is just
type it. Search up EuroUSD. Once we
click on it, we can just click answer.
So after and it's going to add it all
the way at the bottom over here. Now if
you want to see the chart of EuroUSD, we
just click on it, click on the chart
option, and then it'll take us to that
second button once again. And then we're
going to then be able to see Trading
View. So if you notice this trading view
chart right here is the exact same
trading view chart that we are going to
be looking at over here. As you can tell
price feed is nearly the same right
here. The market closed at 1.17312.
And right here on the actual 1x trade
server the price feed is going to be
1.7370
and 1.7340.
So on trading view we get the real raw
price. Now, here on 1x trade server, we
get the markedup price. So, this is
where the broker is just charging a bit
of a spread for executing us into the
markets. It's part of the game. It's
inevitable. You have to pay the fees.
Whenever you send money through PayPal,
whenever you pay for anything, there's a
very small fee involved. It's part of
the game. You want to get access to
whatever it is that you're purchasing,
you have to pay the fee. So, here's
where you're going to be able to see all
of the markets that you are actually
executing in the market. So, you can add
as many markets as you want. You can go
ahead and delete as many markets as you
want. Pretty easy, pretty userfriendly.
Everything is pretty self-explanatory.
You should realistically only be
spending maybe 5% of your time on
MetaTrader because all that you do on
MetaTrader is simply just execute the
trade. You're not ever actually
analyzing the markets in this chart
section as you would be doing on Trading
View, for example. Trading View is where
you actually break down the chart, make
the trade make sense, and if you're
interested in entering the trade. Now on
back to MetaTrader. This is where you
actually go ahead and execute the trade.
After you execute the trade, there's no
reason why you should just be looking at
the money going up and down. What you
should be doing as a trader is looking
at the charts, seeing if the trade makes
sense, if the market is moving in your
favor. And then obviously whatever the
charts are doing is going to reflect on
your profit and loss right here on
MetaTrader. So over here all the way at
the far left section once again where we
have the quote section we have the
option to go ahead and enter the trade
which would be the first option once you
click on that market you have the option
to go look at the charts you can look at
the trade details or you could look at
the statistics I'm going to be
completely honest I've never clicked on
this details option I don't know how to
use any of these options right here
these are just some details of the
currency pair I don't know what any of
this is I've never used it but it has
that feature and then you also have the
statistics which it shows all of this
right here. Once again, I have
absolutely no idea what any of this
means. I've never used it in my life.
All I know is that I use the one option
here, which is to go ahead and enter the
trade into this market. Now, this button
to enter the trade into this market is
going to have multiple different options
in here, right? So, you can go ahead
either tap on that button and hold trade
or you can go ahead and swipe it to the
right and then click plus. And that is
also going to give you the option to go
ahead and execute this trade. So all the
way at the top you can tell that we are
trading EuroUSD. If you want to swap it
for whichever currency, you can go ahead
and swap it for Euro CHF. You can swap
it for Euro CAD, but we're going to be
using EuroUSD. Back here at the Euro
USD, the button under the market that
we're going to be trading, you have the
option to do either a buy limit, a sell
limit, a buy stop, a sell stop, a buy
stop limit, and a sell stop limit. All
of these are different limit orders that
you're going to place on the markets.
And I'm going to explain to you what
those limit orders when we actually get
into the charts. But I personally,
myself, I have never used neither one of
these limits. I've never used a buy
limit, a sell limit, a buy stop, a sell
stop, a buy stop limit, or a sell stop
limit. These are all just orders that
you place in the market. So, let's say,
for example, I want to set a buy limit
on the market. I want to buy this market
once it gets to X price. I want my stop
loss to be at X area, and I want my
takerit to be at X area. That's
basically what it is. It's like you're
going to set a price into the market and
whenever the price gets there, it
automatically enters that trade for you.
That is a style of trading. I am not
against it. I just personally don't
believe in it simply because you're
entering a trade without confirmation.
You need to enter a trade once you
actually have a kind like a proper entry
signal once it meets your actual trading
plan. And I'm going to teach you how to
do that later that that into the video.
These are multiple different ways on how
to actually execute this trade. Now, the
simplest one is market execution, which
is going to be the one that you're going
to use 99.99%
of the time, which is you just simply
place your stop loss. I mean, excuse me.
You simply place your lot size and on
this lot size here, you can make it one
lot, you can make it two lots. And a lot
of people get confused on this whole lot
size position calculating. And it's
actually very easy. So, this lot size
here has to be directly predetermined
before you enter the trade. So, you know
exactly how much you're risking. That
goes based off of your stop loss and how
much you're going to have on your stop
loss. So, let's say, for example, you're
interested in entering this trade as a
sell, right? Just for an example. Or,
you know what, we'll do a buy. it's a
lot easier to understand a buy. So, we
have a buy example on this market. Our
stop loss is going to be, let's say, 20
pips. I'll explain what pips are and how
all this works in just a second, but
let's just say it's 20 pips. And our
goal right here is to figure out what
our lot size is, right? So, we're going
to for now for us to determine our lot
size, we need to first determine how big
our stop loss is. So, we're going to go
to 1x trade, LQ Markets, whichever one,
they both have this lot size calculator.
You're going to put the balance amounts
that you have on your account. Then, how
much you want to risk of your account.
Let's say we want to risk 1%. Right? And
then our stop loss is or say we want to
risk 10% of our account. And our stop
loss is 20 pips and the currency pair
that we're trading is EuroUSD. All we
have to do is just click calculate lot
size. And this lets us know that we have
to put a 0.05
lot which is risking a total of 10
bucks. So we know that if we were to go
back over here to the actual MetaTrader
where we're going to execute the trade,
we have to place a 0.05
lot size and then our stop-loss number
needs to be exactly what it is right
here on the chart. So our stop loss
number would be 1.17096.
So it' be 1.17096.
And then our take profit would be where
we set our takeprofit up here. It's
going to be 1.17
going be 1.1715.
So now at this point we are pretty much
ready to buy this market. We could go
ahead and then click on that buy button
and we know if we are completely wrong
on this market. Okay, so we know that
this is our stop loss 1.17096
and this is our take-profit 1.17715.
If the market goes straight into our
stop loss, we are not going to blow our
account. We have a stop loss which is
going to minimize our loss which is at
our predetermined risk what we have just
calculated on this lot size calculator.
So now at this point, the fear of people
thinking that I'm going to lose all of
my money when I put money into a broker
or whenever I go trade is gone because
you're only risking $10 from your actual
trading balance. So this can go to your
stop-loss right away. You've
predetermined you're only okay with
losing on this position, 10 bucks. So
obviously, if we would want to enter
this trade, we would go ahead and then
click buy. But obviously, the market is
closed. The market just closed nearly 30
minutes ago. But as soon as we would
enter this trade, it would be reflected
right here on this actual area. And
right here, you're going to be able to
see your trade fluctuate up and down.
And then you can go over here to this
area and you're going to be able to see
your stop loss. You're going to be able
to see your takerit. You're going to be
able to see the trade be reflected in
real time. And you're going to notice as
soon as you enter the trade, you're
going to be an immediate draw down,
right? So you're probably going to be in
a loss, maybe a couple bucks, right?
Five bucks, six bucks. And that's
because the broker, as soon as it enters
you into the market, they don't care if
you're going to be in a winning or lose
or losing position. They're going to
charge their fee. They don't care if
you're going to be on the right or wrong
side. They have to get their profit
first for them to go ahead and execute
your trade into the market. So, they get
your trade, they're going to put into
the market, they're going to take a
small fee from it, and then your trade
happens, whatever happens with it. Win
or lose, the broker is always going to
make their money. That's just the name
and the game of the business and how it
works. So once again, you have your
Trading View account, which is your
where you're going to analyze a trade,
determine if you're going to buy or sell
a market. Once you're ready to enter
this trade, you need to go ahead and
deposit some funds into the broker. Once
you have your funds inside of the
broker, you need to then actually go to
then MetaTrader, which is then going to
be this right here. On MetaTrader,
you're then going to go ahead and then
place that buy or sell button. That's
pretty much it. Now, whenever you win
your trades, you come back over here to
the dashboard area of 1x trade. And then
you're going to head and then click
withdraw your funds. Now, you can
withdraw your funds to whatever wallet
or however format you choose to withdraw
your funds. And the funds go back from
the broker into your bank account.
That's it. Very simple, very seamless
process. These are the three platforms
that you're going to need to actually to
go ahead and be able to execute a trade
into the market and be able to
successfully have a profitable strategy.
So now coming back to the charts, now
that you understand exactly that you
only need three platforms to actually
trade into the market. You need the
trading view, you need the broker which
is like the bank and then MetaTrader is
where you actually execute the trades.
Let's take a step back to actual trading
view, right? Trading View is going to be
once again like where the fight where
everything goes down. So, I'm going to
explain to you how trading works, all of
the different options within Trading
View. So, right now we are on Trading
View. As you can tell, we are on
tradingview.com. This is basically where
you're going to analyze every single one
of the markets that you are going to be
interested in trading. This is the most
common known website for you to analyze
your markets. I've been using this only
website and I've never heard of any
other trader really using another
different website, but this is where
you're going to be able to actually
identify if you're interested in buying
or selling a market. Right? So for
example, let's say we're going to go
trade EuroUSD for example, right? And
we're going to go to a different server
just for examples purposes. So for this
different server, you can tell here that
EuroUSD, this is what it looks like,
right? So this right here on the chart,
as you can tell, is the candlestick
option. So we're going to take it a step
back. And I know I was going to tell you
guys how to use the no gap candlesticks.
So right now, if I were to
hypothetically actually, you know, input
my actual candlesticks. One second. It
should pop up something like this. Let
me get them to pop up. We come to
settings. We go to symbol body borders
and wicks. Okay. So, as you can tell
right here on EuroUSD on the weekly time
frame for example and then on the ICE
server, this has many gaps. So, as you
can tell, this market has a gap here,
has a gap here, has a gap here, gaps
throughout all here, which make the
market look weird. We were to look at it
on the daily time frame. You can see
more of these big gaps right here, these
weird fills in the market. Just looks
very weird, and it personally just
throws off my trading as a whole. So,
what I like to do is I like to use this
indicator named the no gap candlesticks
indicator. So, all you have to do is go
to this indicator section over here. So,
just pause the video right now or open
up your Trading View real quick. Log in,
create an account. It's going to be very
basic. Once you log in, create your
account. You're going to get the
candlesticks that are going to be popped
up. And down over here, you're also
going to get the volume section, which
is going to be popped up probably
something like this. Should be somewhere
over here. You're probably going to get
some bars down over here, which are
going to be like some big blue, no, some
big green and red bars. And all you
really have to do, they're going to be a
bunch of bars like this. All you have to
do is just click on those bars. Right
click on it or double click on it. And
then just once you click on it, there's
going to be a popup and then it's going
to say volumes. Just unmark the volume.
So you're going to double click on it.
It's going to say volumes up over here.
Just click on it and then it's going to
remove this section down over here. All
that does really just clutter the chart.
Just creates extra noise. You're never
going to use that option. It's very
unnecessary, right? So once you have
that, you're then going to have your
candlesticks. most likely with these
gaps. So, the easiest way to get these
gaps removed, it's actually very easy.
All you have to do is come over here,
click on the indicator section and then
search up no gap candles and then you're
going to get this first one. The second
one works well. I personally use the
first one. Once you click on it, as you
can notice immediately, right away, the
markets look different. There's already
a difference inside of the market. But
you can't just automatically click on it
and expect for it to work, right? What
you have to do is once you click on it,
so let me just remove this one because I
don't want to have two of them. Once you
click on it, what you actually have to
do is doubleclick the actual market. And
then this right here is going to give
you the current candles. And all you
have to do is click off the body, the
borders, and then the wicks. And if you
notice there, you're going to be left
with the actual no gap candlesticks
candles on the ice server. So basically
somebody created an an indicator that
fills in the gap for those candlesticks
that have gaps, right? This is just a
very simple indicator and this is not
really an indicator. This is more of
just an actual tool that's going to help
you have the markets be as clean as
mine. So once again, if I were to take a
couple steps back, this is without the
no gap candlesticks indicator. As you
can see, there's gaps right here. I then
turn on the gap candlestick indicator
and then it has a fill but it still
looks a little off. So all you have to
do is just doubleclick those
candlesticks. Once you double click
them, you uncheck the body. As you can
tell, look at the difference it makes
here in between that body and that wick.
So you check off the body, check off the
borders, and then you check off the
wicks. And then you have a real market
movement for how the market should look
without the actual gaps. So this right
here is a little bit of a hack. This I
learned pretty late into my journey. And
uh once I learned it, it did clear a lot
of things up, right? I just wanted to
get that to be the first thing that I
teach you when it comes to Trading View
because I know it probably cause a lot
of curiosity, right? We're going to get
into the EMA, what setting my EMA is,
and how to use it in just a second. I
just want to give you an overall
training on how Trading View works. It
can be very overwhelming at times.
Depends on how much you look at it, what
should you look at, what should you not
look at. So, we're just going to break
down the most important things and the
things that matter and don't matter,
right? So, we're going to start off
right over here at the top left, right?
So, over here at the top left, as you
can tell, we have the market. So, this
is Euro USD. This is the market that we
are currently looking at right now. If
you want to change the market, all you
have to do is click on that search bar
right there and then you can type in
whatever other market. This is basically
for you to search up any market that you
can possibly imagine of. You can
literally just search it up here and it
will pop up. Or you can just simply type
it on the keyboard and then it will also
pop up. It's equivalent to the same
exact thing. You click the plus sign,
it's going to create pretty much the
same exact thing. Next to that, you're
going to have the time frames, but you
might only have one time frame pop up.
Might be the daily, the weekly, or the 4
hour. You click this little arrow down
here, and once you click this popup,
you're going to get all of these
different time frames that are going to
pop up. You have the 3 month, 1 month, 1
week, day, 4 hour, 1 hour, 30 minute,
all of these different time frames,
right? All the way up to the 1 second,
which you're never going to be using. As
I've mentioned before, I only use the
weekly, the daily, the 4 hour, the 2
hour, the 1 hour, the 30, and the 15
minute. Now, if I were to uncheck these
stars right here, what ends up
happening, as you can tell, is it
removes them from this top section over
here. This is basically just a little
bit of a hack that makes these time
frames just pop up over here and stay
there saved. So, whenever I want to go
from one time frame to another, it's a
lot easier and I don't have to go into
this section over here and add it or
manually look for the time frame. These
are all the time frames that I use. I
don't use any other time frames. And
whenever I'm going to be going in and
out of a time frame, this is how I am
going to be looking for that. The
section next to that is all the
different types of candlesticks that you
can potentially use. As we've already
broken down, all of these are just
information overload. You don't need to
know what any of these candlesticks are.
The only ones you need to focus on is
chart. Now, don't worry. In just a
second, I'm going to be teaching you
guys how to properly use the line chart,
what it's used for, and all that stuff.
Don't worry, one thing at a time. Once
we get to there, I'm going to break it
down, and you're going to see how simple
it will be. But this section here is
just for you to identify the actual type
of bars that you want to pick. This is
the style. Indicators is pretty
self-explanatory. You can pretty much
search up any type of indicator that you
can possibly imagine. Here, there's
going to be endless indicators that
Trading View offers you. And I think the
only indicator I have ever searched up
is the EMA. I've never really gone into
this indicator section. I know this is a
never- ending journey or world in here.
Inside of the indicators, there's a
bunch of different types of indicator
traders and I don't know anything about
it. All I know is that inside of this
indicator section is where I find my EMA
and my no gap candlesticks. That's it.
I've never used this area for anything
else. This is for an indicator tempo.
Once again, this is another thing when
it comes to the indicator. I have
actually never even gone into here or
saved anything. not sure what it's used
for. So, I can't really educate you on
something that I've never used and I've
never found any use for it. Next to
that, we have the alert section. So,
this is if I want to place an alarm on
the market. So, right now we are on
EuroUSD, for example, and I want to be
notified once price crosses through a
certain point. So, right now we are at
1.17331.
Price right now is at 1.17331.
So, let's say we want to get notified
once price goes to 1.74
0 and it lets me know I get a
notification on my phone. I get a
notification on my computer one time
when it does that or every single time
it does that. So, it can happen more
than one time per minute or it will only
be letting me know one time and it won't
be repeated. And I can put an expiration
date and I can make this pretty much
indefinitely, right? I can click create.
Soon as you click create, you can tell
how the alarm or the alert pops up right
here on Trading View. So let's say for
whatever reason I want to enter this
trade when the market gets here, but I
have to run to the gym. I have some
groceries to do. I have to step out of
the house. I have to step out of the
office. I don't have to be glued and
stuck in front of the computer. This
alarm here will let me know once and if
price ever does that. If I want to move
it up, all I have to really do is just
drag it up and then the alarm gets
dragged up. If I want to move it down,
just grab it and drag it up and down. I
can pretty much also squeeze price in
here. And another way to how you can add
an alarm is over here to the right hand
section. You can just click this plus
sign and then you can click add alert.
So that's when price gets to this area
right here. If I were to click on this
as well, I can add an alert when price
gets to the EMA. For example, if I want
to delete it, I just rightclick on the
alarm. If I once again click this right
here, I will be notified once it hits
this area. It's pretty much neverending
different types of ways on how you can
set up the alert. The only way I ever
use it is I click this button right
here. I add the alert at that point. And
once the market gets to the point that I
needed to get to, I do whatever I've
been interested in entering in the
market. If I want to delete it, hover
over it, click right here, and click
delete. It's very clean, very seamless,
and very simple. I get very creative
with my alarms. What I tend to do is I
trap price. So, I'll put an alarm up
here. I'll put an alarm very tight into
this area right here and I'll know when
price breaks below or breaks above. And
sometimes I get even more creative and I
right click on the alarm or double click
on it and I'll place a message or I'll
be like your USD is crossing this area,
enter now, bro. Or you got stopped out.
So whenever the alarm hits, all you
really have to do is look at your phone
and you're going to know what the alarm
is going to be about, right? So, this is
a little bit of a message that you can
leave yourself whenever you place the
alarms at whatever the area is going to
be. That's pretty much all it comes when
it comes to the alarm sections. These
are all of the notifications and how you
can set it up. You can get an email, web
link, sound, just however you want to
set up your alarms. The way this is the
way I have it set up and it's been
working perfectly for me up to this
point right now. But you can get as
creative as you want. This little arrow
is basically the back. So, let's say,
for example, I had some drawings set up
into the markets and after these
drawings, I ended up just accidentally
deleting them. All I have to do is just
click back and it comes right back. If I
want to go to where I was, I just click
forward. Pretty self-explanatory. This
little bar right here, don't worry,
we're going to get into that just a
second. Just kind of going along the
order of how everything is placed. This
right here is basically the area that
reflects the actual price of the market
and where the market is. And these are
the numbers that are reflecting it. You
may see me sometimes grab this and it
basically all it does is that it moves
price up, moves price downs. All you
have to do is just left click on it and
then squeeze it, hold it up and down and
then you're going to be able to either
look at the market in a much wider
format or in a much tighter format.
Really depends on how close or how
zoomed in you're trying to get to the
market. Continuing up over here to this
top section, we have the square button
which is a layout setup. So this is
different types of ways how you can look
at the market. Or if you want to split
it in between two markets like this, you
want to split it into neverending
different styles, you can pretty much go
free with that. I personally always just
have it in the standard one market
layout. This unnamed I don't even know
what this is to be honest. Maybe this is
just a settings area that you can do
something about saving your charts. I
always have it set up like this. I've
actually never even changed this right
here. I have no idea what this is. But
the button next to that is the quick
search. I have no idea what this is
either. I have never used it. This right
here is just the settings on Trading
View as a whole. So the settings is once
again about the candlesticks. Obviously,
I don't have my candlesticks checked
because I have the no gap candlestick
setting option on the trading view. This
is what I have for the status scales.
Oh, this is the volume button right
here. So, as you can tell, okay, never
mind. I thought that was going to pop up
the volume down over here, but yeah, I
guess that's not it. Is it somewhere
here? It's not. But this is how I have
my settings. I I don't really mess with
this right here. I've never really have
I don't really understand how to modify
or do anything when it comes to any of
this stuff. This is pretty much how I've
had it for years. It pretty much stays
the same every single time. And this is
how I have everything set up. So, I
guess you can pause it, look at yours,
and make it look exactly like mine. This
is what I do to set up my charts every
single day, right? So moving along with
that, we have this button right here. So
this is basically to make the market
pretty much full screen. So the whole
entire screen, as you can tell, is just
the chart right now. This is a very
clean format on how you can look at the
chart if you just want to focus on the
actual price and not get distracted by
any of the other buttons that you may
have. And then you can just click the
exit button on your keyboard, the ESC
button, and then it returns back to
where it was. But it's a pretty cool
feature in order for you to just see the
chart to not get distracted with all of
these different buttons. Little camera
button is so you take a screenshot or
take a snapshot. Screenshots basically
this page saves it for you and then you
can go ahead and save that to your
desktop, to your trading journal,
wherever you want to save it. Moving on,
next to that we have the publish button.
I've actually never published anything
inside of Trading View. I guess Trading
View has communities of other traders
that post stuff in there. I have no idea
what that is, but I've never really used
it. Moving on over here, we have the
blue list. So you probably have a red
list which is a standard when it creates
your first account. But inside of this
blue list is where I have the markets
that I am currently trading. So as you
can tell all of my markets are currently
tagged with a blue tag because this is
the markets that I trade. I pretty much
picked this color blue when I started
years ago and I've just stayed with this
blue list and I've stayed very
superstitious to this list. These are my
profitable pairs. These are the pairs
that I tend to find the best market
opportunities in. And I don't plan to
modify them for anything. Now, you guys
probably can't see them because my face
is in the way, but these are all of the
markets that I personally trade. And I
don't plan to change the color blue. I
don't plan to change these markets or
add any of the markets. This is more
than enough markets for me personally.
I'm very superstitious with them and I
like them the way that they are. So, I
know here when it comes to the blue
list, you can add stuff here. I've never
even clicked on this option, so I don't
even know what it is. I believe this
plus sign is if I want to add a symbol,
but another way that I can go about
adding a symbol is by simply just
searching it up. Let's say I want to add
a UD NZD, for example. All I have to do
is just click on this little flag button
over here. And once I click on it, I can
pick the color that I want to pick. And
as you can tell, the default color is
going to be blue. and then AUD NZD will
pop up as the last option all the way
down over here. Now, I actually don't
like trading NZDUSD. So, for now, I'm
just going to click on that flag and
then it will automatically get removed
and then I no longer have AUD NZD there.
This little pie area is advanced view.
I'm actually going to be clicking this
for the first time ever. Okay. Well, I
guess this is what it does. And I have
no idea what that does. So, we're not
going to I can't break something down
that I have no idea. here on the
settings option. This pops up the
volume, the change, and all these
different stuff over here. Honestly, let
me see. What is What is this? Okay,
there you go. That that takes away the
price. This takes away the the change.
And then this takes away the change
percentage. Honestly, I might just leave
it like that. That looks a lot cleaner.
And when I go like this, I guess. Yeah,
actually, I like that a lot better. I
mean, honestly, it looks kind of cool
when I had all of these, right? Cuz it
it looks like I looks like I'm on to
something. But basically, right there,
that's just the options that this can
pop up. I don't even know what this
change percentage is. I don't know
anything about this. All I know is that
this is the price. So, Bitcoin is at
115,000. XRP is at this. Ethereum is at
this. And this is the price of these
markets. That's pretty much it. That's
all I really know when it comes to them.
I don't really know anything else inside
of here. This right here is going to be
the the watch list and the details. So,
if we were to click that and thenclick
that, it just hides them and removes
them so we can have a little bit more of
some space. Or you can just simply drag
it left or drag it all the way to the
right so you don't have to see them. I
always like having it pretty much like
this where I just see the first base
currency. I don't really need to see the
quote. I know the order of my pairs and
I'm very well in connection with them.
The button under that is going to be the
alert. So this is every single time your
alarm gets hit. This is pretty much like
the the history of all of the alarms
that you can have. Get tells you all the
details about it. I mean I've had I
don't know. I'm curious on how many
alarms I've had. But I've had hundreds
of different alarms that have been
triggered. And yeah, this is like the
history of all the alarms that I've
used. Let me see when I place my first
alarm. It's pretty interesting. I placed
my first alarm 2020. Is that is that
what it is? December 20th. Is that is
that the day? Yeah, December 4. So, I
guess the first one is down here. Oh,
you guys can't see it, but right here
you can see December 13th, 2020.
It's when I placed my first alarm. And
right now it is September 13, 2025.
Dude, I've been doing this [\h__\h] a long
time. Five years I've been just
following these alarm. I didn't find out
about these alarms until like a year and
a half into my journey cuz I was just
trying to predict this [\h__\h] if it was
going to go up or down, honestly. So, as
soon as I figured the alarms is when I
realized I didn't have to be in front of
the markets all day. This area over here
is the object tree and data window. I
have no idea what this is. I guess this
says all the different objects I have
inside of the actual chart, but I don't
use this. And then this is more of like
a community section. I have never
engaged with anybody in that community,
and I do not plan to either. Down over
here, I don't know what this is. I don't
know what this is. I don't know what
this is. I don't know what this is. Or
this, or this. Oh, you guys can't even
see it. So, it's even better. All the
three options that are going to be at
the bottom right corner. Actually, let
me see if I can move myself. Oh, I hope
I didn't mess this up. Yeah, let's just
leave it like that. Okay, there you go.
I hope you guys are seeing that right
there. So, these little icons over here,
this one right here, this one right
here, this one right here, and this one,
this one, this one. I don't know what
any of these icons are used for, to be
completely honest. I have never used
them myself. Let me actually just move
myself to the middle for now. But yeah,
I I don't use any of these options right
here. I have never used them. All I use
sometimes is this right here just to
block out some of the markets that I'm
not going to be trading for the week. So
let's say I break down my 10 different
markets for the week and I'm only
interested in trading these for example.
I'll just use this right here as a form
to just block out all the other markets
just so I don't get distracted. But this
tab here as well, I don't use any of the
information in here at all. This is
[\h__\h] Letting you know that this
more of a buying market than a selling
market. This uh seasonal is [\h__\h]
This performance is [\h__\h] This is
all just an information overload that
you don't need to use it at all. The
only thing that I personally recommend
to be using here is this note section.
So in here you can actually write a note
to yourself. So hey I'm waiting for a
shift to structure or hey I'm waiting
for my entry signal. And then all you
would simply do is just add that and
it's going to be a note that will be
saved inside of your Euro USD section.
For example, on my AUDCHF example, this
is a note that I wrote to myself in
2022. So, about to be a little over
three years ago, I wrote this note to
myself. Um, these are the confluences
that I had to sell, for example. And
these are just notes that I can just
write to myself in here. But yeah, this
in here, I don't use this at all. I
don't use this right here at all. This
is just a bunch of information overload
that you don't need to have. Once again,
I just have it here because I think it
looks cool and I personally like it. you
know, whenever I post videos on
Instagram or here on YouTube. Looks like
I'm a more of an expert than what I
really am, but this really does
absolutely nothing, right? So, now that
we understand that, I'm going to move
myself back to that right hand corner.
There we go. So, coming back over here
down to this section of the trading
view. I don't know what this little
option over here is. I guess this is the
time zone that I'm in. Whatever time
zone the market was like, whatever
trading view was created on, this is
what it is. This is the time zone that I
have. I've never really modified this.
This down here is going to be the actual
calendar of the chart. So you can tell
this is September 3rd, 5th, 9. So these
are more of the days and the further you
go back, you can just see the months
continue to go back. Even the years, we
have 2025. We go even further back, we
have 2024, 2023, pretty much so on and
so forth. So down here is the dates of
the markets. And once again, you've
probably seen me grab this just to use
the markets left and right. Hold on to
the screen and move it up or move it
down. You can also move it to the left.
You can also move it to the right. Just
a different way of you adjusting the
charts. This area right here does pretty
much the same thing. You right click on
it, you move it to that area, you click
this area, you move left. This, you
click this right here, you move right.
Or you click on the reset the chart, and
it just resets it back to how it should
originally have been. Moving on down
here, you have this area over here,
which is going to be the one day, 5day,
1 month, 3 month, six month. I don't
really know what this is. I'm sure if I
click on it, it's probably going to take
me to something like that. I don't know.
I've never clicked on it. I've never
clicked on this button either. I have I
did I did do this once one time by
accident and I brought this up. I'm
like, whoa, what the hell is this? And I
guess this is just a different way for
you to pretty much just set up, I guess,
your bar replay. And I just realized
that I did skip a button which is going
to be the bar replay. So the bar replay
is actually something that you use to
back test. So I just clicked on that
button and let's say I want to back
test. I can just start back testing.
Let's say from this point right here. I
right click it and then all I would have
to do is just start. I click the play
button and then it's like if I were to
be back back testing. I can pause it. I
can speed up the time of the
candlesticks. I can change from a
certain time frame to another. This is
basically the back testing tool that
Trading View has to offer. It's a very
cool feature and personally I don't
recommend back testing. I actually hate
back testing. I think it's one of the
biggest mistakes that traders do when it
comes to back testing because it creates
a false expectation of what trading is
really going to be like. I have my
personal opinions on it and you know
once my students join the community I
explained to them that live testing is
the best thing that you can possibly do
because when you go back test you pretty
much just saw what ended up happening
here, right? Even whether whether you
try and forget the or whether you get a
friend to come pick the market and
select the bar replay button, this still
is not the same because right now we're
on the four 4 hour time frame and this
market just had all of this move right
here and that just happened in literally
2 seconds and in real life this took
nearly 36 hours to happen. So there's a
big patience factor that back testing
does not take into account and I feel
like it gives a false perception of what
trading really is like. That's why I'm
personally very against back testing.
And I'll give you guys, you know, more
details on my thoughts on that later as
we go through the actual strategy part
and how you should actually be trading
and what you should be looking for and
what you shouldn't be not. But yeah, I
just realized that I overwent that bar
replay button. But continuing down here,
yeah, I've never really used this area
down here. I think about a year ago I
accidentally moved this up and then I
realized something down here even
existed. I don't know what this open
panel or maximize panel even is. Moving
down over here to the left hand side,
you're going to have this little star.
So this little star is actually this
toolkit right here. So this toolkit, if
I were to click the star, it pops up. If
I don't click it, it won't pop up. Once
I have my toolkit pop up, these are all
of the tools that I actually use to
analyze the market that I use to
determine whether this is a good trade
to buy or whether this is a good trade
to sell. Now, these are all of the tools
that I personally use. These are all of
the tools that Trading View has to
offer. If you were to rightclick on the
trend line and tools, you're going to
get many different formats of trend
lines and many different ways that you
can identify the market. You can get
this type of tool. You can get this
different type of trend line here. For
example, you can get a trend diagonal. I
have never used this in my life and I
have no idea what they are used for. I
only use inside of this line section. I
use the trend line, the horizontal line,
and the horizontal ray. For you to get
access to it, all you have to do is just
put the star. Click the star. Click the
star. And you're going to notice that
it's going to automatically pop up on
your own custom toolkit bar. All of
these other different types of trend
lines. I don't know what this is. Like
the [\h__\h] is this? This is a pitchfork.
Like how? Like it's literally named
pitchfork. Then this is a shift
pitchfork. Like what the [\h__\h] is I don't
know. This in my opinion is just too
much information. And believe me, when I
was learning how to trade, I was here
breaking my head, literally trying to
figure out, first of all, what is a
pitchfork? Like, what is an inside
pitchfork? Like, what the [\h__\h] Like,
looking at this now after I've been
trading for such a long time, just makes
me feel extremely happy that I actually
was able to become a profitable trader
with this amount of information overload
that, you know, these different
platforms have to offer. You know, they
they don't do it in a malicious way.
They just do it because, you know, their
their business is to offer all of these
different types of tools just so anybody
and anybody can use it. But what nobody
teaches you is that you don't need to
know or learn every single thing inside
of this platform for you to determine if
a trade makes sense to buy or sell. You
really don't. But all of these tools
that I have here, the trend line, the
horizontal ray, and the horizontal line
are the only lines that you're going to
be needing inside of this section.
Moving on to the section below, you have
the Fibonacci. So once again, there is a
quantillion different amounts of
Fibonacci tools and different formats
that you can use. I don't use any diff I
don't use any type of Fibonacci. I don't
use any type of can or what I don't even
know like I think this is the biggest I
don't even want to say anything but I
don't know. I just I'm telling you, I
just looked back and I really tried to
figure out how to make something work
with this right here. And you guys don't
understand how much time I wasted by
doing this. This really this really
messed me up, guys. I I I mean this in
the most humbling way. Like this really
made me lose a lot of time. So, you
won't need to be learning any of the
stuff here. They can pretty much nuke
this whole entire tab right here of the
Fibonacci and that will change
absolutely nothing in my trading. Next,
we have the pattern section. In this
pattern section, you have the all of
these different types of patterns. The
holy pattern. Let me see what this one
looks like. What is this? The cloud.
Like how does this even make out I don't
like what what does this do? I don't I
don't know. Oh my god. What is this? The
Sline. Y
this looks like a heartbeat. This is
like Bro, this was my heartbeat trying
to learn this whole trading [\h__\h] Trying
to figure out if I should be interested
in buying or selling. Like this right
here is not a trending. This I don't
even know what this is. Oh my god, I
just I'm so passionate about trading
that sometimes this type of stuff drive
me crazy because it can just completely
mess up somebody's journey. The only
pattern you're going to be needing,
ladies and gentlemen, is going to be the
head and shoulders. So, just put a
little star on the head and shoulders
pattern and then it should pop up right
there into your toolbox. Below that,
you're going to have the projection.
You're going to put a star on the long
position and the short position. These
are very self-explanatory. Whenever
you're going to buy a trade, this is the
long position you're going to pop up. So
whenever you buy a trade, you expect for
you to pre-calculate your risk. So in
here, let's say you're only willing on
losing a 100 bucks. And then if you were
to then have a one:2 risk-to-reward, for
example, which is what this is set up
right now. So your risk-to-reward ratio
is a 1:2. So you're risking $100 here to
then making $200 here. So this area is
where then you're going to be making
$200 in this area right here. So you're
risking 100 right here. And if you win,
you win 200. If you notice, it is
literally the exact double size. And
that's what makes it a perfect one to
two risk-to-reward. So, you're risking
one to gain two. Or you can risk one to
gain three. Just simply triple that. And
then there you go. So, you risk one to
gain three. You could do gain four,
five, six, seven. It's all based off of
this number right here. So, this right
here is a one to five. So you're risking
one to gain five. Right here we have
four and then we have five for example.
So this risk-to-reward tool works for
buys and then it also works for sales.
So here you're risking one to gain two.
And I'm going to be explaining to you
how to properly place this where it
should be your minimum risk-to-reward
tool why it should be and the whole
entire philosophy behind that. So that's
what the risk-to-reward tool are going
to be. And I feel like I didn't really
mention these other tools over here, but
uh trend line is very simple. It's just
a trend line. We don't really use it as
a trend line. We use it more for to
create our structure points. And I'll
explain all of that later once we get
into that. Our horizontal line is just
so we can identify a line that goes
pretty much across the chart. And a
horizontal ray is pretty much the same
exact thing as the horizontal line. It's
just from a certain point. So instead of
it being the whole entire market, we
could just place it based off of this
point. Makes it very simple so the
market and the charts don't get too
cluttered up with an abundance of
information. So the head and shoulders
pattern is used as a reversal pattern
and this is so you can determine where
the left, the head, and the right
shoulders. If you guys have been
following me for some time, you're
probably going to notice that I repeat
this pattern time and time and time
again. That's because this is simply one
of the most powerful patterns in the
market to date. and it's the one that
has led me to have the majority of my
success. But there's a very specific way
on how to use it. And don't worry, I'm
going to be breaking down how to use
this pattern accurately later into this
video. For now, I'm just showing you
what Trading View is and what you should
be focusing on and what you should not
be focusing on. This is pretty
self-explanatory. You might have it full
of different colors. It might be pretty
ugly when you have it. All you have to
do is double click it or right click the
head and shoulders, go to style, and you
can pretty much style it however you
want. You can put it available on
whichever time frame you want. Change
the colors. Put the borders however. And
you can make the background however you
want. I'm sure pretty much I'm sure it
comes ugly. Probably does. Probably
comes with a bunch of different colors
and ugly like this. I just have it as
simple and as clean as it can possibly
be. But I'm going to be showing you how
this works later inside of the video.
Next, we have the long and short
positions. We won't be needing anything
else down from over here. This is crazy.
This is basically saying that it's going
to predict the next move. It's pretty
cool. I'm not going to lie. It's for
like a tattoo or something, but not to
make money in trading. Honestly, that
makes no sense. Next is the brush. The
brush is just used for my educational
purposes. Whenever I want to mark up
structure points or whenever I want to
mark anything off and show people or
just set a reminder of something, I'll
just circle it and I'll know to come
back to it whenever is needed just to
pretty much note things down. The
rectangle is going to be used as a box.
This is where you're going to place your
zones of support and resistance. And
I'll be breaking down support and
resistance later. So, make sure you have
this box. It's going to be very crucial
and essential that you have it. Once
again, if you don't like your colors,
double click it, rightclick it, and you
can pretty much change the colors
however you want. Or you can just do it
based off of this other tab right here
that pops up. And then here, you can go
based off of the custom colors that you
want to go ahead and make your box. I
always like making it as light as
possible so you can actually see price.
Some people like having it super dark
and if you have it super dark, you
literally cannot see price. The box is
blocking price. I like making it around
a four to 5% just so it's very light
tint so you can identify if you're in or
out of the box, but you can also see it.
Next is going to be the rotated
rectangle. And this one I'm actually
going toclick. I accidentally had that
one in my favorites. Next is going to be
the path. This one is something that I
use to identify market structure and I
follow where the price is going to move
or when I have a prediction from the
market. For example, like let's say I
want the market to have a retest of this
area right here to then buy. I do this
whenever I analyze the markets every
single Sunday with my students and I
give them my top markets. I will do
something like this. So throughout the
week, they know exactly what they should
be looking for and wait for the market
to do something like that. Basically,
this is just me setting up the the path
that the market should follow in order
for me to be interested in the trade.
Next to that, you have the eclipse. The
eclipse is just another form of you
placing a circle. If you want to go
ahead and zoom into a market, for
example, let's say I want to go to the
lower time frame on this area right
here. I just put the eclipse. I put a
circle over here. And we go down to the
30 minute time frame. And on the
30-minut time frame, I know that that's
where on the 4our time frame I had it
circled. And I'm going to be looking for
whatever market structure or whatever
learning lesson that I need to look for
it here. If I want to see how this
specific market looks like on the
weekly, I know that all I have to do is
go to the weekly, find that circle,
which will obviously be a lot smaller
because you know that the higher the
time frame, the tighter it's going to
be. This is what that circle will look
like on the weekly. If I want to see it
on the daily, this is what it's going to
look like on the daily. just an area for
you to be able to identify the market
and you can tell where you are in that
market and then you can go and look at
the details. Then that's going to be the
final tool that you're going to add
inside of this section. Next to that you
have the text and notes. If you want to
make sure you can add the text tool. So
this right here is so you can write down
your actual confluences onto the chart.
So whenever I want to write down a note
to myself I can either use this option
over here. So I can use this notes
option in this area of the trade or I
can actually do it right on the chart
which is where I like it a lot because
I'm literally placing it right on top of
the market. So for example here I am
waiting for the market to come back to
my area of interest or area of interest.
Now if I want to make it longer just go
like this. If I want to make the text
smaller I click this button right here
making it smaller. These are all just
custom, you know, curious creature
features that you can pretty much play
with it, but it's just just a note thing
pretty much. Under that, we have the
call out. Call out is pretty
self-explanatory. Let's say you're going
to get on a call with me or you're going
to get a call with my team and you want
to review a trade. You simply get this
call out pointed to this point and it's
ask this,
ask
team this. So, for example, it's just so
you have the specific spot that you want
to actually write it down or review it.
Or if you take a trade and you took a
loss, for example, let's say, for
example, this week I took a loss here on
NDUSD. I'm going to use the call out
option. And here's where I'm going to I
took a loss, but I want to come back in
one week and see how it reacted, for
example, or how it reached this area, so
on and so forth. Just a different way on
how you can actually write down a note
onto the market. Continuing from that,
you have the emojis. We're not texting
anybody. We're not, you know, putting
emojis here. We're here to make money,
not to put little hearts on our trading
view. Ladies, if you're on here, you're
going to put hearts on your charts.
Sorry, not that guy. Guys, if you're
going to put a heart on your charts, I
think you should not be here. Totally a
joke. If you want to put hearts, you can
do whatever you want, but I've never
done that in my life. This tool right
here is going to be the measurement
tool. So this tool is actually very
useful when it comes to either measuring
the size or the time of a market. So for
example, let's say we want to know how
long the market took from get to get
from this point right here to this point
right here. This market took a total of
93 bars, which on the 4hour time frame
is a total of 21 days and 12 hours. So
you can just click the actual candle or
anywhere in the chart and drag it left.
And you can see how you continuously
dragging it left. This is going to
continuously move and it's going to
measure how much time or the length of
that move. Now, that is the time wise.
Now, if you want to measure it in pips,
which I'm going to get into pips right
now, all you have to do is just go up
and down. So, let's say you want to see
how big a zone is. For example, let's
say you want to measure this zone. You
go to the top of the zone and then you
go to the bottom of the zone. And you
can tell that this zone is a total of 20
pips. 20.3 pips. If you want to measure
the size of this candlestick, you go
from the top of the candlestick to the
bottom of the candlestick and you can
tell it is a total of 52 pips. And now
if you want to measure it to the upside
from this zone to this zone, you can
tell that that is a total of 40 pips.
Now what are these pips? What is a pip?
Pip means point in percentage.
Point in percentage.
Percentage.
So this is how you measure the market
and the the length of it. So let's say
this right now is uh two fighters,
right? So these are two fighters. This
is the pound versus the Swiss Frank. And
this is when Mike Tyson or this is when
the Swiss Frank beats up the pound. So
this if this movement goes down that
means that the Swiss Frank is getting
stronger than the British pound. This
move is happening right here. And you
want to measure how strong that move
was, you just measure it. You get this
right here and then you measure it from
the bottom up, from the top down, it's
going to be the exact same pip amount.
Pip is the point in percentage. So you
measure that move in pips. In fighters,
if they were to be fighting, oh, he
knocked them down and he stayed down
for, for example, if you were to measure
this, he stayed down for 50 seconds. But
in trading, this move went down 50
points. Now, this is not correlated with
time, but this is just how you measure
the length of the move. In fighting, you
measure the length of the knockdown
based off of how long he was down for,
for example. And I'm sure there's many
different analogies that I can put to
it, but it's just the first one that
comes to mind. PIP is the point of
percentage. It is the measurement that
the market has. So, let's say a market
goes, let's say you want to buy this
market from this point right here to
this point. You're aiming for 40 points.
This 40 points is what the market is
going to do. Now you risk behind like
the you base your trade based off of
these points. So let's say you want to
risk $100. So if you risk $100 per
point, you just do 100 times 40 and then
you can go ahead and see how much
profits you're going to be making. So
for example, let's say we're going to
have this buy position, right? So this
buy position and I know I I can get this
lit later into the actual technical
parts when we get to the market, but
let's say right here our stop loss is 20
points, right? 20 pips. If we want to
risk $500, we then go to our position
size calculator. We can go to on
1xtrade.com. We can go to lq.com. They
all have these cool position size
calculators where you can pretty much
base your account balance. And then from
there, you can actually tell your lots,
the lot size, and all that, which I'll
get into that later into the actual
video. But here, basically, you would
tell, okay, so this has 20 pips down,
and then this has 36 pips to the upside.
That's how you measure how long your
stop loss is going to be. and how long
your takerit is going to be. Pretty much
the tool actually measures it for you,
but this tool also measures it for you
for whatever reason you want to measure
this zoom in option. Uh I I don't really
know what it is. I'm going to click on
it right now for the first time. Oh, I
guess it's whenever you want to Oh,
okay. So, I guess whenever you want to
really like zoom into a piece of market,
you can just get that tool. It's a
pretty cool tool. And then I guess this
is whenever you want to zoom out of it
pretty much, but I've never really used
it. Not really interested. This magnet.
I have no idea what it's used for. This
is for whenever you want to lock your
drawings. I never really use this
option, but I do use this option
sometimes, which is where you want to
hide all the drawings because sometimes
when you're looking at the market, for
example, let's say like my NZDUSD, like
I have a lot of notes sometimes placed
on the markets. And if I want to just
remove all of these different noise that
I have from my notes, I just look at the
market for what it is. And don't worry,
all those notes that I have there, I'm
going to be educating you guys on what
they are throughout the video. So, don't
try and pause it and sneak in and zoom
into it. Trust me, if you try and take
the short way, you're going to you're
going to confuse yourself because you're
not going to be educated on that
information. Correct. So, this tool
right here is just to pretty much hide
all of the options for however long you
want it. This is going to be the I don't
even know what this is. This is the sync
drawing options. I've never used it. And
then this is the the delete button if
you want to go ahead and delete your
drawings. And then after you favored
every single one of these tools that
I've just explained right now, all you
have to do is put a star and then this
tool kit pops up and down. Moving on to
this top section over here is where we
have the actual currency market that
we're interested in trading. Once again,
this is just another time frame that is
telling you whether it's reflecting from
here. This is the server that you are
in. So you can either be in the end the
server how I am now or whatever server
you decide to pick. This is the color of
the symbol that you have, the flag that
you have on it. And these are just more
settings that you can have and curious
features on it, which I never really
use. This area up here, I have no idea
what this is. I guess this is the
measurement of the path or the tool
whenever it goes on Trading View, but I
never ever look at these numbers. I just
think it looks cool whenever I move it
fast, how fast it also moves alongside
with it. This option right here is the
exact same thing. As you can tell, it
just moves whenever I move the the path
tool, but I don't really ever use it.
This right here is if you want to demo
sell or demo buy into the market, which
you could do that, but I've already
explained that it's best to go ahead and
do that on Trading View just because
it's a lot easier. Uh, I mean, you can
go ahead and do that within the broker
and Metatrader because you can take it
with you on your phone. It's pretty
self-explanatory. And then this option
right here is where you can hide your
indicators that you're going to be
using, which the only two indicators you
need to be using is going to be the EMA
and the no gap candlesticks. So,
everything I just educated you guys on
right now is going to be Trading View,
right? I get it. There's a lot of
buttons. There's a lot of volume. But
now that you look at it and you
understand it, it really isn't that
complicated. All you really need are
these tools that you have up here. And
that's pretty much it. You don't even
need to click this button right here for
the alert. You can just click right here
on the right hand side. Whenever you
want to search up a market, you just
simply type it on the keyboard. And
whenever you type it, it should just pop
right up and then it comes over here to
the side. All of this other information
is literally just information overload
and you don't need to know any of that
stuff. So, this right here is Trading
View. This is where you're going to
spend 90% of your time, if not 95% of
your time when it comes to actually
executing the analysis of the market,
and you're going to determine if you're
interested in buying or selling. But at
no point are you actually going to buy
and sell off of this market. You're
never going to deposit into this
platform right here. This is just where
you look at the market. Then you have
the broker where you deposit the funds
and then the broker creates the MT5
account where you go and execute the
trade. This everything right here are
just simply the trading tools and
platforms that you need to have when you
are trading in the markets. Believe me,
I wish I had these markets when I
started trading because personally, I
had so much unnecessary information on
my charts that just simply cluttered my
time and it wasted me from actually
focusing on things that do matter and
that's practicing a strategy, not trying
to figure out what every single feature
inside of Trading View was and if there
was these different hidden secret
websites that were going to lead me to
understand if something was ready to buy
or not. So, in this little zap right
here, this is basically the latest
update of the market. every single
market will have that little lightning
just shows you where the market is at
that very moment. Obviously, this is
where these markets are and it just
gives you like the latest updates on it,
but I never click on that either at all.
These are just cool little features that
Trading View has to offer. And if I
didn't show it, this little lightning
right here, it's just the latest updates
of the market pretty much. So, once
again, all you need is Trading View to
analyze the markets. You need a broker
to deposit your funds. I recommend LQ
Markets or I recommend 1xtrade.com. And
then the only other platform that you're
going to need from that is maybe and if
anything Forex Factory for you to
understand if there is fundamentals that
are going to be happening. Now later
into this video I'm going to explain
what fundamentals are good for and how
you can actually leverage that into a
profitable strategy. So we'll break all
that down into the future. All right. So
now that you understand how Trading View
works, we're going to go back to
MetaTrader 5, but I'm going to show it
to you here on the actual Trading View
just because I can show you everything
on one spot. So I know we're going back
and forth. So bear with me. have some
patience because I'm trying to explain
to you every single feature of trading
all inside of the same section so you
guys can know exactly how to use it all.
So, this right here is probably when you
were looking at Metatrader 5 on your
phone and you were probably a little bit
confused whether you were ready to
actually either place a market instant
execution, you're probably curious on
what's a buy limit, sell limit, buy
stop, sell stop, and these other pending
orders that are right here. So, this is
once you are ready to go ahead and
execute the trade. So, let's say you're
looking at NZD JPY, for example, and
you're ready to go ahead and execute
that trade and you're ready to place
either a buy or a sell. So, if you want
to place a buy or a sell based off of
where the market is exactly right now,
you would just go ahead go to market
execution. You would put your stop loss
and then you would put your takeprofit
and then you would immediately take the
trade. So, if you were to put your
takeprofit, it would look something like
this. And then if you would put your
stop loss, it would look something like
this. All you would have to do is come
to the MetaTrader 4 or the MetaTrader 5
app and then all you would have to do is
just place the stop-loss numbers and
place the takerit numbers. So the stop
loss number for example right here it
would be on this trade for example you
were to look at it on this section you
could look at either on the right hand
section or you could just double click
on it. You go to inputs and your stop
loss is 87.670.
So you would go over here, you would
bring up your MetaTrader 5, and then you
would go ahead and implement right here
in your stop loss the numbers that you
see right here. So your stop-loss level
is going to be 87.670.
87.670.
And then you would go ahead and place
your takerit. So your takerit is the
green area. And then on this takerit
area, you would go ahead and put 88736.
So take profit, you would put 88736.
So then this right here would be your
take profit positions. Then after that
you have the deviation which I have
absolutely no idea what that is. I have
never placed anything on that button
right there. All I know is whenever I
want to trade whenever I want to take a
trade live based off of where the market
is, I go ahead I place my stop loss. I
place my takeprofit and then I click
buy. Now before I click buy, I need to
make sure that I can calculate my risk
on the position. So if you notice here,
this lot size is going to be 0.05.
Now, you're probably wondering, Alex,
what does that mean? What is a lot size?
How does that work? Well, it's actually
very simple. Your lot size is what's
going to determine the actual risk on
the position that you're going to be
taking. So, if you want to risk a $100
inside of this trade right here, right?
So, for example, let's say you have a
$1,000 trading account, right? Your
balance on the account is $1,000. You
deposited $1,000 inside of 1x trade. So
on your MetaTrader 5, it says $1,000,
but out of those $1,000, you want to
only risk 50 bucks, right? That is what
you are okay with risking on this
position right here. All right, cool.
That's a great percentage based off of
your account. And this trade, you're
going to be risking $50 to potentially
gain $100. That is a positive
risk-to-reward ratio. Now, how do you
calculate that lot size that you need to
go ahead and place into your position?
Because once again, this lot size that
you're going to be placing right into
your MetaTrader 5, that needs to go
directly before you click the buy or the
sell button. You can't click buy or sell
into the market until you haven't
pre-calculated your lot size. Now,
determining your lot size is extremely
easy. So, you can come over here to
1xtrade.com. You can go to their lots
size calculator or you can go to LQ
Markets and you can go to their position
size calculator, whichever one you like
best. And let's say right here you're
going to put your account balance. So
let's say your account balance is $1,000
for the example that we're using right
now. And you want to risk 50 bucks. So
50 bucks is 5% of your account. And
let's say your stop loss in pips is
going to be a total of 35 pips. For
example, let's say we go back to this
trade right here. And this is a 30 pip
stop loss. So as you can tell, this is a
30 point stop loss. This number right
here amount 750. I have no idea what it
is. This percentage, I have no idea what
it is. And this stop 0307,
I have no idea what it is. All I know is
that this number right here, 30.7
is the amount of pips on this actual
position. So, let's say this trade is
actually a total of 30 pips. All right,
cool. Now, I know for the takerit, I'm
targeting to have 61 pips. Now, I don't
know what this percentage is, and I
don't know what this target is. All I
know is that this is the pips for the
takerit. This is the pips for my stop
loss. And my risk-to-reward ratio is A2.
I don't know what this quantity is. And
I know this open P&L is going to tell me
how many pips I am in draw down or how
many pips I am in profit. Is this
fluctuates depending how price is
moving. But I set the time of us taking
this trade right at this point right
there. This is going to be my pip count
for the stop loss. All I have to do is
come back to my lot size calculator. My
pip size is going to be 30 amount, 30
pips. And then what currency pair are we
going to be trading? So this currency
pair that we're going to be trading is
NZD JPY. The New Zealand dollar versus
the Japanese yen. So all I have to do is
type here NZD
JPY.
NZD. One second.
Oh, I guess we have to look through it
like this. We type it in. Doesn't pop
up. We could just look for it. Boom.
Boom. Boom. And it's probably organized
in order. There's so many different
currency pairs right here. NZDJPY. And
then all I have to click after that is
just simply calculate risk. Now, my lot
size in order for me to risk $50 with my
$1,000 account and a 30 pip stop-loss is
0.17.
Now this trade right here as soon as I
am going to go enter the trade when I go
place my stop loss all I have to do is
put 0.17
on this lot size. I put the number of my
actual stop-loss 87.650
right here and then I put my takeprofit
which is going to be 88.570
at this point right here. And then I
click buy at no matter what happens in
this market. Trump could come out with
the craziest tweets. another Corona
virus, uh, another anything pandemic
could happen. This can have a massive
candlestick to the downside like this or
a massive candlestick to the upside like
this. The most I will ever lose on this
position is going to be those $50. Why?
Because I have a stop-loss and I have it
calculated with the lot size. So, I know
exactly how much I am risking on this
position. As soon as I am entering this
market, that is exactly what I am going
to be risking. I will not lose any more
than what I have pre-calculated here.
And I will not gain more than what I
have pre-calculated here. As soon as the
market comes to this area, the market
will automatically take me out at my
stop loss at this point right here. As
soon as the market comes up to this area
over here, the market will automatically
take me out at this area right here. The
beauty of this right here is that you
know exactly how much you are risking to
exactly how much you can potentially
gain. There is no random outcome. There
is no uncertainty what can potentially
happen. You know exactly what is going
to happen. So MetaTrader 5 when you are
going to go execute your position and an
instant execution you have to just make
sure that you simply just click zero.
You simply just place your stop loss you
place your takeprofit and you calculate
your risk. Then you click the buy or the
sell button. Now the only difference in
between instant execution, buy limit,
sell limit, buy stop, sell stop, buy
stop limit and sell stop limit is that
you pretty much predict or you place the
area where you want for the market to
enter you right away. So a buy stop is
an order placed above a current price
and you're basically going to be entered
into the trade as soon as the market
gets to that point. So for example,
let's say I place a buy stop order,
right? So let's say we want to place a
buy stop. I would place the market right
here. So as soon as I click the buy stop
option, there's only one tab more that's
going to open and that's the area where
you want to place where where you want
to place the price. So this is where you
want to place the price. So this price
is going to be at 88145.
So you are telling Metatrader 5 that
whenever the market gets to this price
the market is going to immediately enter
you the position. So this is if you have
to go to work or you have to go to the
gym or you have to go to sleep. Whenever
the market breaks through this area it's
going to automatically enter you into
the position with your pre-calculated
stop-loss with your pre-calculated
take-profit. Everything is exactly the
same. The only difference is that you
are literally just placing price
whenever and if price ever gets there,
it's going to enter it automatically for
you. That's pretty much it. When it
comes to a sell stop, it's the exact
same thing, but just to the downside.
Let's say you want to sell this market,
but you don't want to sell this market
right here, and you see yourself that
you're going to be having a long day at
work or a long day outside of the
office, but you know, once price breaks
this area, you would be interested in
executing the position. Okay, cool. So
you just simply place a sell stop and as
soon as price is below that current
price and that's where you're going to
be immediately entered into the position
as if you were to be executing the
market at that point. And then you have
what is called a sell limit and a buy
limit. So it's an order placed above the
current market price anticipating that
it's going to fall. And a buy limit is
basically you're placing a limit below
the current market price while the
market and you're anticipating for it to
rise. So let's say at this price right
here, you want to go ahead and you want
to place a sell limit. Now for you to
place this sell limit, let's say you
want price to get to this point right
here. Let's say you want market to get
to 88.277.
Once price gets to this area right here,
you're going to enter the market as a
sell. So let's say you identify this to
be a very strong level of resistance.
Whenever the market gets there, you want
to be immediately entered into a sell.
Once again, you predetermine your stop
loss. You predetermine your takeprofit.
You just see yourself that you're going
to be busy and you can't place the limit
and it places it for you. The buy limit
is pretty much the same. It's just vice
versa. So, let's say you don't want to
buy right here because it is way too
high and you want the market to buy at
this point right here. You see price is
going to have a reaction from this area
from we're going to double click this
area. It's going to be 87.723.
Okay, cool. So, whenever price makes it
to this area and if it has a dip down
into this area, it's going to
automatically enter you into the buy
position. Let's say the market continues
to go down. Well, you entered the market
at that position. That's why I don't
like using these pending orders because
the momentum coming into these zones
could be very strong. And if you were
just to be watching the market live, you
could probably avoid a loss because
price can come very strong into this
area and within the same candlestick or
within the same minute go straight to
your stop loss. And just because you
entered it off of a specific zone, you
simply got stopped out. But if you were
probably watching the market live as it
was having that deep retracement, you'd
probably be like, you know what, I'm
going to wait for this momentum to slow
down a little bit to see if I can get a
better entry. and then there you can
potentially avoid a a loss or even get a
better entry all the way down here.
Instead of using these pending order
limits that basically execute the trade
for you, I would much rather use my
alarms. So, I put an alarm at these
specific areas and once price gets
there, I will then be looking at the
market to see if I'm interested in
executing the trade. Now, I did this
while I was working at Dunkin Donuts. I
worked at Dunkin Donuts for a couple of
years and I had multiple different jobs
and at no point did I put these limit
orders as the decision maker to enter
the trade for me. I wanted to make sure
that I am entering the trade based off
of a real confluence that I am actually
having. At no point did I want to enter
the trade just based off of momentum.
And if that doesn't make sense right
now, don't worry. I'm going to be
explaining all that later when we
actually get into the actual strategy.
But that is exactly what these limit
orders are and pretty much how they
work. And then the only difference in
between a buy stop limits and then a
sell stop limit is that you can pretty
much just place it limits at these types
of orders. So you can either place a
sell limit or a buy limit or you can
place a limit on these orders as well.
Pretty much the same thing. You're just
setting different limits. But I can
guarantee you if you want to use my
profitable strategy and everything I'm
going to be teaching you inside of this
video and every other video that I've
created, at no point do I ever use any
of these right here. But I do have to
educate you on it because sometimes
temptation might be there just in case
if you are busy and you want to just
place a limit in the event that you know
you're not going to be in front of the
markets. I think it's just a lot. Okay,
so now that you guys understand exactly
how a buy stop and a sell stop works.
You guys understand a buy stop was when
it breaks through, sell stop when it
breaks through, and how these limit
orders work, let me actually just go
ahead and show you over here back on
Metatrigger 5 once again. Right? So here
we have our 100 bucks that we just
deposited. We're going to go back over
to the currency market. So let's say for
example, we want to go ahead and trade
EuroUSD. Right? So we click on this
trade button for us to actually execute
the trade. Now once again just taking a
quick step back on this EuroUSD trade.
If you click on chart the chart will pop
up. If on the EuroUSD trade we click
details details will pop up. And then if
you were to click on statistics
statistics will pop up. The only button
that we will ever really be using is
just going to be the trade button. So we
can go ahead and click the trade button.
So we want to make sure that we are
going to do a instant execution on this
market. So we can execute the trade
right now where the market is at this
point. So if I were to go ahead and take
you to the EuroUSD chart. So from the
last time that we spoke, the market has
moved a bit. So this market right now on
EuroUSD is for example, let's say at
this area right around over here. So if
we would have actually entered the trade
where I placed it last week when I was
recording this video, we would have
actually won this trade. This would have
been a beautiful win from the market
where we were actually executing the
trade. But we're up over here now,
right? So, this trade is having some
pretty pretty clean momentum and say you
want to buy this market. So, we're going
to go ahead and go to MetaTrader 5.
We're just going to put a 0.01, which is
the smallest lot size that you can
possibly put. And we're just going to
put market execution. Let's say we want
to buy this trade at this point right
here. Let's put our stop loss very tight
at this point. And let's put our takerit
very tight to this point right here. So,
our stop loss is 1.18001.
But our stop loss 1.18001
[Music]
and our takerit is going to be 1.18
1.18308
and we simply just click buy and that's
it. We're into the market now. As you
can see as soon as we enter the market
we are in some draw down in this
position. Now this position is once
again is in draw down because we are
obviously having a cost to enter this
trade which we are having some fee some
spread and as you can tell that fee in
that spread it pretty much was already
gone because the trade is in momentum
and we're going into profit and once you
start making profit those fees are
pretty much you don't even see them
anymore right so this trade right here
if you were to want to close it you can
just tap on it and you can click close
position you can modify position go to
chart or click on bulk operations. Right
here, you can see your exact stop-loss
once again to the bottom left corner of
this pop-up tab. You can then see your
takerit, the time, and the swap. The
swap is the cost for you holding the
position overnight or over the weekend.
And the fee of that would just pop up
there. So, you have an idea on how much
actual profit you are in this position.
So, at this very moment, once you enter
a trade, you pretty much just have to
set and forget and let the trade do its
thing. You either let the trade hit your
stop loss or let the trade hit your
takeprofit. Now, later on into this
video when I'm I'm going to actually
teach you a strategy on how you actually
exe execute these trades at the right
areas. You're going to know when exactly
to enter and how to manage your trade
because a lot of traders, they maybe
know how to analyze the markets. But the
reason why they're not profitable is
because they don't know how to properly
manage a trade. And I want to educate
you guys on different ways of actual
trading first before you actually know
how to manage a trade. because you first
need to learn how to trade before you
can learn how to manage it. And while
me, I was just talking and explaining
that, you can just see how we went from
being negative 20 cents to pretty much
now being break even or positive 2 to 3
cents. Now, if I were to want to close
this position, all I would have to do
once again is just click on that close.
Click on the tab of the actual trade. I
could go ahead and click close. And at
this point, I would just click close,
that orange bar that has just popped up
there, and it would say you would close
with 13 cents in a loss. Now, if you
don't want to close in a loss, you can
just wait. And if you want to modify
your position, you can just click on
modify. And let's say for whatever
reason, you want to open your stop loss
and make it a little bit bigger, you can
just simply modify your stop loss. So,
let's say you want your stop loss to be
1.17966.
All you have to do is click modify and
you come here modify 1.17966
and then you just click modify and then
you stay in the exact same position. You
just simply modify your take profit.
Let's say once again you want to modify
your your stop loss. Let's say you want
to modify your takeprofit to this area
over here. Cool. Not a problem. You
simply get this and now your new take
profit is 1.1413.
It's always good to double triple check
because these numbers literally
determine your profits. Click modify and
now your trade is modified. You don't
get moved into the position. You don't
get entered into a new position. You are
just simply modifying your position
after you have entered it. So this right
here is every single button that you're
really going to be using when it comes
to the MetaTrader 5. Once you're in the
position, once you click on trade, it
could just give you the option to add
another position. If you were to click
chart, it's going to take you to the
actual chart on MetaTrader 5. Just so
you can actually see where your stop
loss is on the chart, which would be at
this area right here. Gives you a real
representation of where it is. And then
where your takerit is, it gives you a
real representation of where it is. If
you were to click bulk operations, if
let's say you were to have many
positions available, this would enter
you in all of these positions at the
same time. So let's say I agree to the
terms and conditions. I click on bulk
operations. I can close all positions.
close all losing positions, close all
buys in position, close. It just depends
how many positions you have open. You
can customize the execution that you
want to do at this point. Personally,
myself, whenever I actually go close a
position, I usually tend to have
multiple lots open simply because I have
a lot of trades at the same time, I just
click close all positions and it'll
close them all at the exact same time. I
don't have to go manually one by one and
then click close. It just saves me about
10 seconds. That's really it. So that's
pretty much every single feature when it
comes to this MetaTrader 5. The last one
and most creative one is I say you want
to not close the whole entire position.
Let's say you want to close partial. Now
this would only work if we were to be in
this position for more than 0.01 lots.
For example, let's say we would be in
this position 0.10
and you want to close half of your
position. You can simply come into here
and close 0.05 05 and then you click
close and then you would be closing 50%
of your position. So this is every
single feature that it comes to actually
executing a trade with straight market
execution. Let's say you want to enter a
trade and then you actually have a buy
limit for example. So let's say we we
want to have a buy limit on this market
and we want the limit to be based off of
this area right here. So for now let's
get rid of this risk-to-reward tool. We
want to enter the market once the market
hits this price point right here. So
that's going to be
the entry price is 1.18120.
So price will be 1.18120.
Stop loss is going to be 1.1
7879.
And then your takerit is going to be 1.8
361.
All you have to do is just simply click
place. And that is it. So now, as you
can tell, you're not in profit or in
draw down. What you have placed is a
market execution. So once the market
comes into this area, it will
automatically enter the position while
you're anticipating for it to go up. It
could come into this area and then keep
continue going to the downside, but just
depends on the type of order that you
have placed, it will execute you into
that market. This right here is great
for people once again that aren't
available to be in front of the markets
all of the time. And if for whatever
reason after you place the limit, it's
been hours and the trade hasn't been
executed, all you simply have to do is
click it and you can delete the order
that you have placed or you can modify.
You can either change your stop-loss,
you can change your entry price, change
your takerit or you can just delete it
as a whole. So if you were to delete it,
you just click on the delete button.
It's going to give you the confirmation
and then you go to the history tab and
on the history tab it should pop up like
an order that you had in in the past or
no since it was in a position it won't
pop up when you actually close a
position like this one. Let's say we
close it right now at 50 cents in a
loss. We can see it over here how this
was a position that we entered and how
it has actually closed. So this right
here is pretty much every single feature
inside of MetaTrader 5. And when you go
withdraw your funds from MetaTrader 5,
you don't actually withdraw your funds
from MetaTrader 5. You withdraw it from
the broker that you are going to be
trading. And then that broker will
reflect that price on the actual
MetaTrader 5. And now, for example,
let's say that we want to go ahead and
withdraw our $99, right? Because we lost
the position, we're not happy about it,
and we just want to get the money back.
You can't withdraw Metatrader 5.
Metatrader 5 is not the broker. You need
to make sure that you go to the broker
so you can go ahead and actually
withdraw your funds. So remember
MetaTrader 5 is the platform where you
are going to execute the position.
Anything related to the money in or out
of the actual platform is going to be on
the broker. So the money is reflected on
MetaTrader 5 for you to actually place
the trades. But when you want to
withdraw the money, you have to go back
to the broker and request the withdraw
from the broker. Once you withdraw the
funds, it's going to reflect on
MetaTrader 5. And then from there,
you're going to go ahead and do whatever
with the funds once you have withdrawn
them. But MetaTrader 5 never has your
funds. They don't get access to your
funds. They're just a a platform that
just shows the trades and shows the
profit and loss pretty much. But where
the funds actually are are within the
broker that you're going to be using,
whether it be 1x trade or it be LQ
Markets. So, with that being said, that
is pretty much everything when it comes
to market orders, uh, and how to
actually take a trade, how to place
these orders, every single feature
inside of MetaTrader 4, Metatrader 5.
Now, I want to get into actual types of
trading. I want to educate you guys on
fundamental trading. I want to educate
you guys on technical trading and how I
personally do it. So, within this video,
you guys can go ahead and actually start
to begin executing trades by the end of
it. Now, if you guys aren't subscribed,
make sure you guys hit that subscribe
button. This is one of the many videos
that I'm being created for you guys. So,
if you guys aren't subscribed to the
channel, you're going to be missing out
on a bunch of videos, including other
valuable ones like this one. So, hit
that subscribe button. It doesn't cost
you anything. And personally, I believe
this is going to be one of the best
videos that you're going to have in
order for you to learn trading from zero
to 100. So, with that being said, let's
continue. So, now that you understand
all that, let's move on to our next
subject, which is going to be
fundamental analysis. Now, before I get
into fundamental analysis, we already
know what technical analysis is. This is
when for you to determine if you want to
buy or sell the market. You're going to
focus your analysis on the candlesticks,
on price action, which you're going to
be reading the candles. You're you're
going to be reading the candlesticks
going to the upside or to the downside.
That's where you're going to make a
decision whether you want to buy or sell
the market. It's all going to be based
off of reading the charts, reading the
candlesticks, reading technical
analysis, price action. It's all the
same thing for you to determine if you
want to buy or sell the market based off
of technical analysis, price action, or
candlesticks. This is what it's going to
be. Now, let's say you want to base your
trade, if you want to buy or sell the
market off of fundamental analysis. This
is focused on when you read the
underlying articles of either a company
that can directly reflect the price of a
currency, the underlying writing of a
economy on a country, a news event or
just the economy as a whole of the
country that directly reflects on the
currency. So fundamental analysis
trading is exactly what it is. You are
reading the fundamentals in order for
you to determine if you are interested
in entering a buy or entering a sell.
You're basically going to go out there
and find different articles of a certain
country and see the previous times that
articles similar to this reflected the
price. And then there you're going to
determine if it's a good time to buy or
if a good time to sell. At no point do
you ever go to the actual technical
charts for you to determine if you want
to buy or sell the market. That's what
technical trading is for. So fundamental
analysis traders are a bit more on the
higher time frames because they're just
using the overall direction of where the
economy should be going and then they
make the decision based off of that. For
example, if they cut interest rates, the
dollar should get stronger or weaker. Or
if they start printing more money, the
dollar gets stronger or weaker and then
they base their trade off of that. Now,
this is a lot more long-term way of
trading. But some traders have gotten
very creative and they've combined both
of these as a whole. So they will do
their main technical analysis off of
price action and then as they're going
to go into the trade, they go and check
out if there is certain fundamental
analysis or certain fundamentals coming
out to see if it can add a certain
confluence to the trade. For example,
let's say we would be using Forex
Factory as one of these examples. Right
now it's Wednesday, September 17th. And
at the time of us trading today at 2:00
in the morning, there was going to be
well, tomorrow at 2:00 in the morning,
there's going to be GBP news. And let's
say, for example, that I'm interested in
trading the Great British pound. I can
go ahead and look into this news
article. And this is going to have
everything is this is basically
everything that the forecast is going to
potentially be. These are the other
dates that it's had a very similar news
event to this day. This is what they
forecasted. This is what it was
previously and this is what actually
happened. If you notice it was
forecasted to be one point up. It was
actually two points up from the previous
one. I'm sure that had a very minimal
impact in the market. If you want to go
and verify that you can just go to this
date on any great British pound market
and then you can see if it actually had
some type of effect. The CPI news
sometimes work. So they they sometimes
do this, sometimes don't. Personally, in
my opinion, from my last four years of
really like doubling down and becoming a
better trader, I'd say 80% of the time,
the actual fundamentals, follow the
technical analysis. So, whatever you
properly understand with price action,
right? Cuz this is the big thing like
you need to properly know how to read
price action. Now, I'm not saying you
need to properly have a strategy for you
to deter for you to have accuracy with
the news. No, that's that's not what I'm
saying. I'm saying if you know how to
read price action, you can be a scalper,
a day trader, swing trader, you can be
whatever type of trader, but as long as
you know how to read price action
correctly, you can determine if
something is bullish or bearish. The
news 70% of the time will follow the
trend of where the price action
dictates. That is a simple fact right
now. I'm not saying if you have my
strategy or if you trade with my
strategy that the fundamentals will
follow that strategy. No, no, no. I'm
not saying that. I'm just saying that
the fundamentals will follow the overall
trend of price action. And some people
wrongfully analyze the trend. So
fundamentals are just simply news events
that come out every single day on each
currency. You have some news events like
CPI. You have some new news events like
BOC rate, overnight rates, press
conferences, FOMC, which tends to be one
of the biggest ones. Then we also have
unemployment. We have NFP, official bank
rates. These are all different types of
news events that affect the currency of
that country. So for example, let's say
that I am interested in taking a trade
on USDCHF or let's say US Euro USD for
example on Wednesday like okay we do
have minor news events at 3:30 in the
morning on the euro. H does it make
sense to take the trade? Sure. Or you
know what I want to sit on the side
because I don't know what the president
is going to say and it might affect the
currency very significantly. And let's
say I'm interested in taking the trade
at on, you know, Euro USD and I don't
find the trade in the morning, in the
afternoon. I say, okay, you know what?
I'm going to use these news events in my
favor. I'm going to use it to actually
get out of the trade. Personally, in my
experience from trading, I tried so hard
to figure this out and try to find a
potential edge on reading the market.
And the truth of the matter is that
there is no real edge. The news are
going to have their news event flashes
no matter what. There's some events
where they're going to have major moves
to the upside, major moves to the
downside, and some like it's it just
it's going to do what it's going to do.
Whenever news events come out, the
brokers mark up their spreads and their
fees just because that's what goes down
in those news events. A lot of money
gets moved because the big banks and the
big institutions, they get scared. They
don't know if the federal funds rates
are going to get cut in their favor or
against them. And then based off of
that, they're going to move the money
around, which in turn affects the
liquidity that the brokers get, which
then they have to change and modify the
spread. So then they aren't negative on
the business. It's just the news events
are a whole mess, right? And so many
different things get moved around when
these news events are happening. that is
so much that is out of your control that
in my opinion it just logically makes
more sense to just focus on something
that matters something that you can
actually look at and you can see
patterns in the past and that's simply
going to be the charts. If a news event
comes out and it does this move, so be
it. It's not going to be every single
day or every single week that you're
going to have a news event like this go
in your favor or against your trade.
There's going to be weeks where it's
going to be like this, a pretty big
wick, and then it's going to go in your
favor or against your favor. It can
happen once or two times a month. It is
what it is. It's part of the process.
There's no way that I am going to modify
my trading approach simply because of a
news event that actually has an impact
one or two times a month. The best way
that I can put the analogies based off
of my experience and the way that I
trade and how I'm going to teach you
right now is almost like if a real
estate investor would were to be
investing into real estate, but
occasionally he cannot see certain
pieces of real estate and it's just a
big mystery box. Now, as a real estate
investor, will you sometimes take the
risk and buy this random mystery box?
Sure. But sometimes these mystery boxes
have good deals. Sometimes they have
terrible deals. But you're not going to
make your whole entire real estate
investment based off of something that
is blind, something that you can't see.
You want to make sure that you can
actually look at the patterns. You can
see the same thing over and over again
so you can actually make a strategy
based off of your approach. Now, is
there some times where what's inside of
this mystery box could be a great thing?
Yes. But I don't know about you, but if
I were to be a real estate investor, I
want to make sure that I can see my
property before I buy it. I want to make
sure that I can go walk inside of it and
I can at least have an idea of what I'm
putting my money into. Now, if I were to
go ahead and actually buy this real
estate property, but one of the rooms
inside of them happens to be a mystery
door and I don't know what's inside of
that door. It could either be really
good or really bad for the property. At
least I have some type of context that
the overall property is good. I have an
idea that 70% 80% of the investment
actually makes sense. And then the other
percentage just simply is an add-on. If
it's good, it's okay. And if it's not,
it's still okay because I know that the
actual core base of the foundation of
the decision towards that investment was
great. That's exactly what trading with
fundamentals is. If you want to go ahead
and take a decision just based off of
the fundamentals, it's almost like a
mystery box because you never really
know how these news events are go like
you never know what they're going to say
and then nonetheless how the market is
going to react to it. I've had many many
times where I have had a lot of analysis
on a fundamentals and I have read it and
I personally believe that the market was
going to like I would have reacted a
certain way to those fundamentals but
then the market reacted a completely
different way. So, one thing is what I
personally would do with that
information. Another thing is what the
market would do. Or the other thing that
you can do is potentially have your
whole entire technical analysis, have
your price action, and then just have a
piece of it be a bit of a mystery. So,
like let's say I enter the trade at 1:00
in the afternoon, for example, and then
the news events are going to come out at
2. Okay, that can add to my trade or it
can potentially make it worse. But what
I guarantee you is that if you're making
a logical trade decision based off of
price action and you're following the
strategy and you're actually executing
the trade with proper price action
analysis, the fundamentals the majority
of the time is going to go in your
favor. And trading the fundamentals
alone is simply going to be a
neverending journey of you attempting to
predict what is going to happen next and
how the market is going to react. Two
very, very, very big variables that are
completely out of your control and you
cannot see any patterns. And truthfully,
in my opinion, I just think it's a lot
easier to actually have a very clear
vision of the type of investment that
you're making with whatever type of
trade that you're going to be taking. So
fundamental trading to me is just simply
a mystery box. And if you make a logical
trade analysis decision, this is just
simply going to be an added confluence
to it. But if you want to go ahead and
dive into a rabbit hole when it comes to
fundamentals, please go to f4
forexfactory.com. They've been around
for tens of years and they give you as
accurate as it's going to get to the
information. They give you what they
potentially believe it's going to be,
what it was previously, and then after
the event actually happens, what it
actually was. But after it happens, it's
no good because the move has already
happened in the market. You can't
obviously go back into the past to enter
your trade. Now, with that being said,
you understand how the fundamentals work
and that it's just really a mystery box.
But you're probably asking me, "Okay,
Alex, so how does price action work? How
do I actually know if something is
bullish or bearish? How can I actually
read and understand the market? So, I'm
going to be teaching you guys right now
how to read the candlesticks, how to
read these patterns, how to identify if
something is bullish or bearish, how to
do a proper top down analysis, what is
market structure, just everything when
it comes to this market that I'm going
to be showing you guys right now. So,
this is where things are going to start
getting serious because once I actually
teach you how market structure works,
then I'm going to teach you the strategy
on how you can actually execute the
trades on this market. So, if there's a
moment to pay attention and to be locked
in and to actually be focused and be
ready to write down notes is going to be
this. If you're driving, if you're at
work, if you're at an social event, if
you're anywhere but in your office or
wherever it is that you had and focus on
learning, stop this video and come back
when you're ready. It's just going to
make more sense for you to rewatch the
video once you've already understood it
properly the first time rather than you
just hearing it in the background and
then you go ahead and hear it again and
then you have to go ahead and hear it
again. It's better if you pay attention
the first time so everything connects
right from the start and you use your
time efficiently while you're learning.
You don't want to just be having this in
the background for no reason, right? So,
let's first start off with what is price
action, right? So, price action is
literally what you're looking at right
here. Price action is all of these
candlesticks going up and down. Price
action is these points where the market
hits, it bounces from, and it bounces up
and down. All of this right here is
price action. Price action is when the
market goes up and down. Now, price
action can be reflected either in these
candlestick formats or in the line chart
as you guys already know. Now, price
action is what's going to tell you if
this market is bullish or bearish. So
price action pretty much equals the
chart which equals
the history which equals almost the
heartbeat or the fight. These are all
the same exact thing. Price action is
everything. Literally the whole entire
market is based off of price action.
Price action is the candlesticks. It's
price. It's the trail. It's the history.
It's just like the market. It's almost
like saying like the road for you to get
to one spot to the next area. Like what
gets you there is the road. What
connects one place to another is the
road. The pavement, the concrete, the
the signs, the the highways, all of that
is just at the end of the day the road.
This is exactly what this is. This is
the road to the market. This is the
market leaving its trail. Price action
is just literally everything. Now, price
action can be seen in two different
ways. One, the line chart, or two, the
candlestick chart. Now, I know we
already know that we're going to be
using both of these with one another.
And I'm almost going to teach you
something to then go ahead and unteach
it to you. Right? So price action is
needed
to determine if the market
is bullish or bearish. The only way for
you to understand, and you guys can go
ahead and write this down. There's a lot
of things that I'm going to say that I
might not type, but you guys should
definitely be writing it down. Is the
only way for you to determine if price
action or the market or the chart or the
trend or whatever is bullish or bearish
is with the candlestick and the line
chart is with price action. The only way
for you to determine if the market is
either in a bearish market or in a
bullish market is going to be with price
action. There is no other way that you
can tell if the market is bullish or
bearish without price action. The
fundamentals will never tell you if the
market is bullish or bearish. The
indicators will never tell you if the
market is bullish or bearish. No
crossover, no Ballinger bands, all these
stuff I'm going to teach you later into
the future. But no indicator, no
pattern, nothing will ever teach you if
something is bullish or bearish like
price action. Price action is going to
be the end all be all area section where
it's going to tell you if something is
bullish or bearish. Everything that is
out there in the market that is added on
top of price action, it's exactly that.
It's an add-on to price action.
Indicators are an add-on to price
action. Tools are an add-on to price
action. Um, any possible EMA is an
add-on to price action. Any reversal
pattern is an add-on to price action.
Price action is the core. And I'm
repeating this because I need you guys
to really understand and get this
because once you get this, you get
everything. As soon as you understand
the proper market structure based off of
price action, it is everything. Right?
So now that you understand that price
action is everything and price action is
needed to determine if the market is
bullish or bearish. The market
determines
if it's bullish or bearish based off of
market structure. So market structure is
what's going to let you know if this
market is actually indeed bullish or if
it's going to be bearish. Market
structure is everything. Market
structure is every single elbow that you
see in this market. every single
triangle, every single reversal point,
every single pointy section, every
single point where the market had a move
to the opposite direction. This is going
to be considered market structure. So
this is almost like the red lights. This
is almost like the turns in the street
lights. This these are the curves. These
are the entry and exit points of the
highways. These are all of the stop
signs. These are all of the turning
lanes. This is all of the mergings. This
is basically every single point that
connects the road with one road to
another from one destination to another.
The middle point is just the road. This
is just the road to get you to this
point right here. Once you are at this
point right here, this is let's call it
first street. Now this first street, it
only has a turn to the left or to the
right. And this turn to the right. This
is just the full road to then second
street and then back up and down. Now,
this is the road. This road is just a
straight road. Straight one shot to get
to this street. Once you get to this
stop, then you turn to the next stop.
This is just a road to then the next
stop. Once you get to the next stop,
then it's just a road to the next stop.
So, every single one of these structure
points, look at it almost like a stop
sign. Look at it like a turning light.
look at it like an entry point to the
next entry or getting off at the next
exit. These are literally just points
where the road needs to stop in order
for you to then be able like let's say
you want to get from this point over
here to this point over here. You can't
just cross over because there's
buildings in the way. There's a lake in
the middle. There's a lot of stuff going
on in the middle. In order for you to
get to this destination, you first need
to then hit First Street. After you go
to then First Street, there's a stop
sign and then you need to go back up to
then Second Street. And then on Second
Street South, then you need to turn back
into First Street North. And then on
North Street first, then you actually
make it to then third street. So for you
to go from this street to this street,
you need to follow the ways of the road.
There's no difference in between that
example and then this market structure.
this market structure in order for get
in order from it to get let's say to
this point to this point you need to
follow the road in order for the market
to get there. Now this is going to be
crucial for you to understand how the
market actually works how to determine
if it's bullish or bearish. Now I'm not
saying for example right now that the
live price needs to in order for it to
get to down here that it needs to break
this road and stuff like this. That's
not that's not what I'm saying. I'm just
saying in order for you to understand
how the market got from this point to
this point, just follow the road and
follow the structure points. The
structure points are going to tell you
how it actually made it to that point.
So the structure points are these points
over here once again are going to be
these stop signs, these turning signals,
these reversal areas. These are going to
be market structure points. So market
structure points, just we're just going
to write this down, right? One thing at
a time. Market structure points are the
elbows in the market,
the turning points in the market. These
market structure points are where it's
going to determine
is bullish or bearish. So market
structure points are the elbows in the
market. These are the turning points in
the market and these market structure
points are going to determine if the
market is bullish or bearish. If you
properly read every single one of these
elbows, you're going to be able to tell
if the market is bullish. Right? So, I'm
going to do a quick quiz on you guys
right now. Right? And I expect for you
guys to get this wrong. I don't expect
for you to get this right. Right? Just
going to do this right here. Is this
market right here bullish or is it
bearish? So we understand bullish equals
up, bearish equals down. Right? So the
market is heading up when it's bullish.
The market is heading down when it's
bearish. Go ahead, pause this video and
just take a wild guess. Right? Cool. So
I can almost guarantee you you're wrong.
And even if you're right of the
direction whether this market is up or
whether this market is down, you
probably don't know exactly why, right?
For example, let's say if I were to give
you a very complex equation, right?
Let's say I already give you this plus
this for example, and then I give you
multiplechoice option. Oh, for example,
let's say we didn't know that, but let's
say I just gave you a multiplechoice
option and I give you choice number A or
I give you choice number B, right? You
only have two options and you happen to
just click on the right option and
you're right. Now, that doesn't mean
you're right because you know the
solution or you know the way on how to
solve the problem. You just happen to
pick the right one because it's really
is a 50/50. Like, it's pretty hard to
get it wrong. It really the odds are
split down the middle. So, that doesn't
mean that you know math. method doesn't
mean that you're good at it or that you
should be advancing to the next point.
That's exactly what this is right here.
Just because let's say you pick the
right one because you know obviously
there's only two option like the odds of
you getting it right or wrong is pretty
fair. Let's say you do get it right,
you're probably not getting it right for
the right reason. And that is the big
problem with traders. A lot of traders
happen to just guess that the market is
in the right trend, but they are
actually executing it wrongfully because
they don't know where it's bullish or
bearish based off of. Now, let me
explain what I mean by that, right? And
and we're going to leave this right here
and we're going to come back to it and
I'm going to educate you if and we're
going to find out if you were right or
wrong. So, once again, pause the video,
take a screenshot, and just write it
down. Bullish or bearish and then where
why or where do you think it is? And if
you don't even know where you identify
this market that it's bullish from, then
that even shows even more that you don't
know anything just yet. But don't worry,
I'm going to teach you right now. It's
very easy, right? So, I'm going to
educate you guys right now on market
structure, which is everything in the
market. Right now, this market is
bullish, right? This is a very clear
bullish market. Now this market is
bullish because it is consisted of
higher highs and higher lows or also
known as HH or HL. Right? Higher high is
HH. HL is a higher low. So this right
here is the higher high. Right? This is
the highest point in the market. And
this is all based off of market
structure. So if I double click this
line, I go to text. just going to put
hh. So we've identified this as the
higher low. Now this right here is now
going to be the higher low. So this
higher low point from this point right
here is going to be what took this from
point A to point B. Right here you were
at Second Street. You had to turn right,
make it to First Street. Now, in order
for you to make it to Third Street, from
Second Street, you have to go through
First Street and then you make it to
Third Street because obviously there was
some trees here in the middle. There was
a lake. There's a big building here. You
can't just go from Second Street
straight to Third Street. You need to go
around the buildings and then you make
it to Third Street. Cool, right? Pretty
easy, pretty self-explanatory. Now this
market is bullish because of this higher
high and because of this higher low. As
long as we remain inside of this market
structure, inside of this higher low and
this higher high, this market will
remain bullish. This market is bullish
no matter what as long as we are inside
of this higher high and this higher low.
The simplest way that I can put it is
this is going to be third street and
this is going to be first street. Right?
We understand that. And this middle
point right here is second street.
Right? Very easy, very self-explanatory.
As long as we are inside of first street
and as long as we are inside of third
street, this market is inside of first
street and it's inside of third street.
Right? Pretty self-explanatory. It's
almost like obvious, right? Like, duh,
Alex, no [\h__\h] Like, what are you
talking about? Well, you'll be surprised
because some people would say that right
now we are on Fifth Street. It's like,
well, brother, how are we on Fifth
Street if we haven't even broken through
First or broken through third street?
Now, this doesn't make sense. Don't
worry, it's all going to start clicking
in just a second, right? And I'm not
going to I'm going to try and avoid the
analogies too much back and forth so it
doesn't confuse you guys, but we will
double down on them later into the video
because it's all going to connect
perfectly, right? So, we'll put this in
the back burner for now. But all we know
is as long as the market is in between
this higher high and this higher low, we
are bullish. This right here could
create a potential retracement into this
area right here. And this is just a
retracement. Now, once we have body
candlestick closed above this previous
higher high, this has now officially
broken above the higher high, meaning we
need to modify our higher high. So, the
rules are very simple. Once we body
close above the higher high or the
higher low the market has shifted.
So once I mean with the body don't worry
for right now we we'll come back to that
but once we have closed above the higher
high or the higher low the market has
shifted and you need to modify the
higher high and the higher low. So once
the market has broken above this higher
high, you have now shifted in the market
and you need to modify this higher high
and this higher low. Cool. So where does
the new higher high go? Where the higher
high goes to the highest high point
which is going to be right here. And
where does the higher low go? Does the
higher low change? Yes, the higher low
changes every single time the higher low
changes. So the higher low is going to
go to this point right here. Now this is
another side note. If we have a new
higher high, we will always have a new
higher low. So if this market once again
it creates this retracement right here
and it creates this break above. If we
have a new higher high, we will always
have a new higher low. So if this market
has created this new higher high, it's
very obvious we will always have a new
higher low. Cool. So the higher low gets
moved to this point right here. Now I
like to use to identify the new higher
low as just the previous structure
point. And I'm going to get to all that
in just a second. But as long as this
market continues to be inside of this
higher high and this higher low, this
market will remain bullish. Right? So
for example, once we broke out to this
area, this over here went to then Fourth
Street and this over here was at Second
Street, right? Pretty self-explanatory.
We broke above Fourth Street and now we
are at Fifth Street, right? So this is
fifth street and this over here is going
to then be third street. Right? So we
are using one street to get to the other
street. So for now let's remove this one
cuz we're already pretty far away from
over here and we don't need to be aware
of that. So right now we understand that
this is fifth street. This is third
street. And as long as we are in between
fifth and third street we are in between
fifth and third street. This right here
is just Fourth Street right in the
middle. Or we're at fifth. Or we're at
third. We're at third and a half. We're
at fourth and a half. Fourth and a
quarter. But at no points are we ever at
Sixth Street or Second Street. As long
as, once again, as long as we are inside
of this higher high and inside of this
higher low, we are bullish. Write this
down as well. As long as we are inside,
we are bullish. Right? Very easy, very
very self-explanatory. Now, once we have
body candlestick closed above, what
happens? Once we have closed above the
higher high or the higher low, the
market has shifted. You need to modify
the higher high. Okay, cool. So, this
turns into the new higher high. This
will then be Sixth Street. And then
where does the higher low go? It goes to
this point right here, which was the
last point, which is now Fourth Street.
Right? Pretty easy, right? We're just
kind of following the market and we
understand as long as we are inside of
the higher high and higher low, we are
bullish. If we make a new higher high,
we will always have a new higher low. We
modify the higher low. Very easy. Now,
what if I told you, you see that?
There's an alarm from a market that I'm
currently trading right now. And uh
we're going to do this live here right
now. We're just going to see how my
market is moving. So, I'm actually in
this position here in a major loss right
now. So, this is getting super
sidetracked here and we'll go back to
the market structure in just a second.
But, as I am educating you guys live, I
am also trading live and this trade is
into major draw down right now. Not
looking good. Not looking good. And this
other trade is looking good, but I need
to wait for this next candlestick to
close in the next 30 minutes. So, I will
wait for that. So, we'll come back to
the SPX500 now. Little distraction
there, but it's okay. It's good, right?
To show you guys how we're executing
everything live, right? So, back into
this area over here, right? Let's just
move this a little bit more up. We
understand that as long as we are inside
of these structure points, we are going
to be bullish. Now, the moment that this
market structure breaks below this
higher low, guess what happens? Now,
this market is no longer bullish. this
market is now going to be bearish. So we
went from creating higher highs and
higher lows to now lower highs and lower
lows. So this market went from being
bullish to now being bearish. So now
that this market has broken below this
higher low structure point, it means
that this market is now bearish. So once
we break below the higher low structure
point, this market is now bearish. So
this goes from actually being bullish
once it closes below the higher low we
are now bearish. Now bearish means we
are selling and a bearish market is
equivalent to lower low
and lower high
or also known as LL or LH. Now they're
both basically exactly the same. A
higher high is the highest high and a
higher low is a low that is higher than
the previous low. When a market goes
bearish, we have a lower low. So this
right here will turn into the lower low.
And then the lower high is going to be
the low. That is the last high, which is
going to be this point right here. Now,
don't worry if this doesn't click right
away. It's all going to click in just a
second. Just give it some time for me to
educate you guys into this. Believe me,
what I am teaching you guys right now
took me months to understand. And my
goal is for you to understand in just
one single video. And I'm going to do
that to the best of my ability. How I
have been doing this for the last 3
years on educating people. So now that
we have a lower low and a lower high,
this market is officially bearish. Now
the same exact principle applies right
here. Once we have closed above the
lower high or the lower low, the market
has shifted and you need to modify this
into the lower low and the lower high.
If we have a new lower low, we will
always have a new lower high. As long as
we are inside of the lower high, the
lower low and the lower high, we are
bearish. Once we break below the lower
high, the structure point is now
bullish. Very easy. Everything is just
changing the letters. So what does it
mean? Once we have closed below, so this
is going to be below instead of above.
Once we have closed below the lower low,
the market has shifted and you need to
modify the lower low and the lower high.
always have a new lower high. All right,
we have a new lower low. It's very
obvious it's the new lowest low. And
then where is the lower high? Well, the
lower high is going to be the next lower
high. And I'm going to teach you a way
on how to identify this market structure
point literally seamlessly and it's
going to be absolutely perfect in just 1
second. I just want you guys to be able
to understand the difference in between
lower highs and lower lows, higher highs
and higher lows. So, as long as we are
inside of the lower high and the lower
low, we are bearish. Once we break below
once we break above the lower high
structure point this market is now
bullish. So for right now as long as we
remain inside of this lower high and
lower low we're going to be bearish. So
this is now going to be a lower low.
This is now going to be a lower high.
This market can simply have a smaller
retracement and then we have a new lower
low and then this point right here
becomes the lower high. Right? The lower
high is always going to get moved every
single time we have a new lower low. Now
let's say for whatever reason this
market decides to now do this. Well once
we break above the lower high structure
point this market is now bullish. So
this market right here goes from being
bearish to being bullish. So this market
is now bullish. So this now gets shifted
into a higher high and then this
structure point over here gets shifted
into a higher low. And this market once
again it can have its retracement into
like going like this. And now we have a
new higher high. If we have a new higher
high, we have a new higher low. If we
have a retracement, we have a new higher
high. And then we have a new higher low.
Right? So this is how the market works.
Same exact thing applies if we now do
this. If we break this structure point,
guess what? We now have a new lower low.
So this market now goes from being
bullish to being bearish. So this goes
and turns into the lower high and then
this turns into the lower low, right? As
long as this market remains inside of
this lower high and lower low, we are
now bearish, right? We have a new lower
low and we have a new lower high. Very
easy, very self-explanatory. So this way
you can see how the market goes from
being bullish to then being bearish to
being back to bullish to now being back
to bearish. The market is shifting
constantly from bullish to now bearish.
But I want to teach you guys on a trick
that I like to call the snake trick. And
this snake trick is a trick to identify
the last structure point, which is going
to equal
the higher low or lower high. Alex, what
are you talking about, dude? You're
talking Chinese to me. I just met you
right now. I'm already 2 3 hours into
this video and I still don't understand
anything. Don't worry, trust me. This is
all going to start slowly making sense.
Right? So, we have something that is
called the snake trick which is going to
help you identify the last structure
point which is equivalent to the higher
low or the lower high. What does that
even mean? Very easy. Let's say this
market is bearish, right? And we have
this retracement to this point, right?
This is this right here considered a
lower high? No. We can only have a lower
high or a lower low once we have a new
higher high or lower low. So at this
point right here, this market we have
yet to create a new lower low. So we
have not created a new lower low in this
market. So we can only have a new lower
high once we have created a new lower
low. So this market right here, this is
the lower high. This is the lower low.
What is this point right here that is
being created into the market? What is
this elbow? What is this stop sign? What
is this red light? This turning point.
What is this right here? This is
literally just curb in the road. This is
literally just a market structure point.
This is literally nothing. three yet.
This is just another point in the
market, but it's not anything
significant because it has not broken
above the lower high or below the lower
low. So, we can only have a lower high
or lower low once we have broken above
the higher high. And all right, lower
high or higher low. Once we have broken
above the higher high or lower low.
Don't worry, it's all going to start
clicking right now. Let's say this
market actually ends up indeed breaking
below. All right, cool. this market
actually indeed breaks below. Guess
what? Now we have a new lower low. So
once we break the new lower low, if we
have a new lower low, we will always
have a new lower high. So if this
becomes the new lower low, we always
have a new lower high. So how do you
identify this lower high? Well, you
identify this lower high with the snake
trick. The snake trick is to be able to
identify the last structure point, which
is either the higher low if bullish or
the lower high if bearish. So, we're
going to get the head of the snake right
here. And once we get this head of the
snake, we're going to start moving
backwards. And this snake moving
backwards is going to leave a trail,
right? So, we start catching the snake.
I don't know if you guys know, but
snakes pretty much just kind of move
like this, right? Snakes don't really
move like this if they're going to
actually be moving somewhere. they
actually just move straight. They try
and move very seamless. And if they
actually need to turn, then they will
turn because there was something in
their way or something was in the middle
that they had to now go this way. So
let's say a snake is trying to go from
this point to this point over here. If
there is a log in the middle or if
there's an object in the middle, the
snake will simply just go around it and
then continue going. But this snake is
leaving a trail that obviously he had to
go around something in order to get to
the destination where he was looking to
go. The snake is leaving a trail of his
footprint almost. It's like his trail of
him leaving the leaves squashed down or
whatever trails snakes leave. So a snake
in this market structure right here
which is the snake trick is you're
following the trail of the market and as
soon as the snake has to turn that is
going to be the lower high. Wherever the
snake or the body turns that shows that
there was something there there was
something in the way and that the market
had to go ahead and then turn. So the
first turn of where the snake actually
turns that becomes the previous
structure point that becomes the lower
high. So this is a trick for you to
identify the previous structure point.
If you cannot properly understand how to
place the lower high or the higher low,
we're going to use something that is
called the snake trick. So once again,
right now we are bearish. This is the
lower high. This is the lower low. Let's
say that this market breaks above. Let's
say this becomes now bullish, right?
This is now broken above the lower high.
Now that we've broken above the lower
high, this becomes the new higher high.
So this higher high once you have a new
higher high you mandatorily need to have
a new higher low. So if we have a new
higher high we will always have a new
higher low. You guys should have this
written down somewhere. So if we have a
new higher high where is the higher low?
Well I get my trusty snake trick and
what I do is I create the head of the
snake. And on the head of the snake I
just start following the market back.
And as soon as the market then turns,
that right there shows me that the snake
turned. There was something in the way.
Now this becomes the higher low. Very
easy, very, very self-explanatory,
right? So this now becomes the higher
low. So we can only have a higher low
once we have a new higher high. So let's
say, for example, this market does this
retracement right here and then we have
this push to the upside. Once if we have
a new higher high, we will always have a
new higher low. Cool. The higher high is
always easy to put. But where is the
higher low? Is it at this point or is it
at this point? I don't know. Let's bring
out our trusty snake trick. And our
trusty snake trick as soon as it first
turns and it creates the first point.
Boom. That right there is going to be
the perfect higher low. And it's the
exact area where the market turned. So
now this is going to be the higher low,
right? Pretty easy, pretty
self-explanatory. Now let's say that
this market does this right here. What
is this right here in the market? This
right here in the market is technically
nothing. This is just simply a structure
point. This has not broken above or
below the higher low. So this is just
structure. This is just market doing its
thing. This is just a stock. This is
just a little curb in the road. This is
really nothing. Okay. What about this?
That right there is nothing. The market
has not body candlestick close. And I'll
get into the candlesticks in just a
second. But the bodies or the the move
the price has not closed below the
higher low or above the higher high.
Meaning this market right now at this
point is still nothing cuz we have not
broken above this line right here or
above this line right here. Cool. Cool.
Cool. What about that right there?
Nothing. We have not body candlestick
below this line. We have not body
candlestick closed above this line. What
about now? Okay, we have now officially
broken below the higher low. So if we
break below the higher low, this market
will then turn bearish. So price will go
to the lowest low. Now if we have a new
lower low, we will always have a new
lower high. We can only have a lower
high if we have a new lower low. So how
do we identify that lower high or lower
low? Well, we're going to use our trusty
snake trick to be able to identify our
previous structure point. So, if this
right here is the new lower low, we're
going to get the head of the snake,
start working our way backwards, and as
soon as the market has had a turning
point, boom, this turns into the lower
high. The lower high is the last
structure point where the market had a
turning point from. So, this right here
is going to turn to the lower high. Now
once again, as long as we are inside of
going to remain bearish. And I'm going
to repeat myself a lot cuz what is
required here for you to understand this
market and for you to understand this
new language is just repetition,
repetition, and repetition. This going
to have a major move like this. Cool.
We've broken below the lower low. So
this is now the new lower low. Where is
the lower high? I don't know, but I do
have my trusty snake trick. So I'm going
to get the head of the snake. We start
working our way backwards. Start working
our way backwards and turn. Now this
right here becomes the lower high.
Understanding that that is now the lower
high. The market could remain inside of
this lower high and this lower low. And
we're going to remain bearish. This
market can literally do all the
structure point that it wants. As long
as we are inside of this lower high and
lower low, we are bearish. Right? Pretty
simple, pretty self-explanatory. Now
let's say this market does this. Oh
[\h__\h] Now what? No problem. No big deal.
The market has now broken above the
lower high. So guess what? We are now
bullish. This becomes the higher high.
And where is the higher low? Because if
we have a new higher high, we will
always have a new higher low. Okay. So
if we have a new higher high, where is
the higher low? I don't know. Let's
bring out our trusty snake trick. It's
the head of the snake. We start just
working our way back, working our way
back and turning point. This right here
is the higher low. So, our snake trick
helps us identify where that higher low
and where that lower high is going to be
placed into the market. So, we have a
clear understanding of where the market
is at this point right now. Now, we use
the line chart that we're using right
now to be able to very clearly identify
this structure point. So, right here, we
are using the line chart to tell if
something is bullish or bear. So we know
that this is the higher low and that
this is the higher high. As long as we
remain inside of this right here, we are
bullish. If we break above once again,
this becomes the higher high. This
becomes the higher low. And from this
point right here, we break below. This
becomes the lower low. And then this
becomes a lower high. Right? Pretty
self-explanatory. Just repeating the
same thing in many different types of
examples. Right? Cool. Now let's come
back to this example right here. Right?
Is this market bullish or is this market
bearish? Right? Let's find out if you
were right about this trade and if you
were right, if you're right about the
correct point, right? Because if you
have I'm going to write this down as
another note. If you identify once you
identify the market being bullish or
bearish, you need to place the higher
low, higher high, lower low. My computer
gets a little bit slow. You need to
place the higher high, higher low, lower
low and lower high. Want to identify the
market being bullish or bearish. You
could only identify that by being
bullish or bearish by placing the higher
high point and the higher low point. If
not, the market cannot be bullish or
bearish. So for examples purposes, let's
begin from over here. Right? This market
at this point when we are identifying
this market, let's make this all the way
to the left. This is the higher high and
then this over here is the higher low.
Right? Do you guys agree this is the
higher high in this market and that this
is the higher low. Right? Very easy,
very self-explanatory. As long as we are
inside of this higher high and higher
low, we are bullish. Right? So, we start
moving a little bit more to the right
and boom, we now body candlestick close
below or we just candlestick close
below. This turns into the lower low.
Now, if we have a new lower low, we must
have a new lower high. So, where's the
lower high? I don't know. Let's bring
out the trusty snake trick. This is the
head of the snake. We start working our
way backwards. Boom. We turn it. That
right there is our lower high. Pretty
easy, pretty self-explanatory. Cool. We
keep working our way down. This
structure point right here, does that
make us bullish or bearish? This point
right here, 1 second. At the time of us
looking at this market like this, is
that still bullish or bearish? Bearish.
Technically, this market is still
bearish. This is still the lower high.
This is still the lower low. We are yet
to break above or below this line,
making this market still bearish. Cool.
All right. What about now? We have
officially body candlestick closed below
this lower high. I mean, excuse me, this
lower low. So, this becomes the new
lower low. Where is the new lower high?
I don't know. bring out our trusty snake
trick. Start working our way backwards.
This is the first turning point. Boom.
That right there is going to be the
actual lower high. Beautiful. We now
modify our lower high to that structure
point right there. As long as we remain
in between this lower high and lower
low, we are going to be bearish. Cool.
This structure point right there, is
that a new higher high? Is that a new
higher low? No. That is absolutely
nothing. We have not. This is just
another structure point. This has not
broken above or below the lower high and
lower low. It's nothing. What about
this? Is this a new higher high? Is this
a new higher low? No, we have not body
candlestick closed above or below the
lower high and lower low. This market is
still bearish, right? So, let's keep
this going. Keep this going like this.
What about that? We got very close. That
means we have to be bullish, right? Like
we have to be bullish because it got
that close to the actual lower high.
Like it's it's got to be bullish. No. If
we have not body candlestick closed
above, if we have not structured closed
above or below, we are still bearish.
What about now? That's like three
touches. It has to be it's almost there.
Like come on. Like just count it. [\h__\h]
it. [\h__\h] it. No. If we have not body
closed above or below, we are not
shifting structure. Very simple. What
about here? Exact same thing. We have
absolutely nothing. This market
structure is currently still below this
right here. So, we are still bearish. We
keep it going. And guess what? If you
called this market bullish, you were
wrong. And if you called this market
bearish, you were probably also wrong
because you did not know from where this
market structure was bearish. And this
is the problem with 99% of traders. They
cannot identify if something is properly
bullish or bearish depending on the
market structure. They just simply don't
know how to read market structure. That
is a simple fact. they are uneducated or
they just don't care to get educated and
they don't know how to read market
structure. It is very simple. You can
see a market that is trending like this,
right? For example, and then you would
probably think that this market is
bullish, right? Let's say right now,
take take a pause. Bullish or bearish.
Go ahead. Okay, it's bullish. Where's
the higher high and where's the higher
low? A rookie trader or somebody that
thinks that they know how to trade like,
"Yeah, that's the highest high and and
then yeah, this is the higher low over
here." Buddy, you realize how many times
this market has like you do you see how
many other structure points? It's like
saying it's like if you're calling this
right here sixth street and you're
calling this right here fifth street.
Are you seeing how many times in between
here? We have gone through so many
different streets in order to get to
this right here. This is not even sixth
street. This is like 10th street. People
are just confusing it because they don't
know how to read market structure
correctly. People are just confusing the
roads because they don't know how to
read the signs. They don't know their
streets. It's why people use GPS's
everywhere they go because they don't
know the roads. This right here, people
don't know how to read market structure,
but there's no GPS's to read market
structure. So, they get these [\h__\h]
indicators for them to actually read
market structure thinking that that's
the hack or the way to do it. This
market right here, what if I told you is
actually bearish. And it's bearish based
off of something extremely obvious,
right? So, we'll just do it one more
time, right? We have this right here. B
for example, this is the higher high.
This is the higher low. As long as we
remain inside of these two structure
points, we are bullish. Boom. We have
body candlestick closed above. This
turnins into the higher high. We get our
trusty snake trick. Start working our
way back. This is the turning point.
This is the higher low. Let's continue
going in this markets. We are still
bullish because this market is yet to
break above or below this structure
point. So, this right here is absolutely
nothing. We are still very much bullish.
Okay, we continue to go. What about this
point right here? Same exact thing. This
is still between the higher high and
between the higher low. So, we are still
bullish. What about now? Still bullish.
This is still the higher high. This is
still the higher low. We have not body
candlestick closed above or below. What
about now? We body candlestick closed
above. Cool. That becomes now the higher
high. Where is the higher low? I don't
know. All I know is if I bring out my
trusty snake trick, I start working my
my way backwards. The first turning
point that is now going to be the higher
low. That right there is going to now be
moved to my higher low. So this will be
my higher low at this point right here.
We keep moving to the right and then we
have boom a little bit of a break above.
This is officially broken above the
higher high. That's the new higher high.
Where's the higher low? I don't know.
This is the head of the snake. We then
turn then this is officially going to be
the higher low structure point in this
market. We turn this into the higher low
and if we continue going to this market
we body candlestick or structure point
close below that small break right there
counts. Yes indeed this turns into the
lower low. Where is the lower high? I
don't know. I get the head of the snake.
I then start working my way backwards.
First turn that is going to be the lower
high point at this point. right here. So
now this market is bearish because that
is the lower high and that is the lower
low. This right here has not body
candlestick closed above this point. So
now we are still technically bearish.
That right there is what 99% of traders
cannot do correctly. And I wish I could
just educate people on just that. I
don't want to teach everybody my
strategy. I don't want everybody to have
my strategy. I really don't. I could
give a [\h__\h] I just want people to learn
how to read the market. I feel as if
people were just to be able to
understand if the market is bullish or
bearish in the first hand, then they
would be able to actually be able to
make a logical trade decision because
right here, let's say you don't know how
to identify if this market is bullish or
bearish. You would see this market
heading up. You're like, "Yep, buy."
You're actually buying at the worst
point because this market has just
shifted bearish. This is having the
retracements to then literally create
the perfect lower low leg to the
downside. This has hit the top of a
trend. We've had a reversal pattern
right here. This is the left head, right
shoulder of this market. It's creating
the perfect reversal pattern, retesting
the neckline, and then we're selling.
But you can't even tell the difference
in between if it's bullish or bearish.
And that's why you're losing. You're not
losing because you don't have a
strategy. You're just losing because you
don't know how to read the market. Not
knowing how to read the market. Not
having a strategy is already bad. But
not knowing how to read the market and
not having a strategy. It's just a
combination for the worst possible
outcome ever. That's what I want to
educate people on first. It's like learn
how to read the market. And then you can
think about how you can actually execute
a strategy. Learn on how to read the
streets. Learn how to read the stop
sign, the red lights, the green lights,
the turning signals, the highways. Then
you can think about speeding and getting
to places fast. But you can't speed and
drift and and and and haul ass to places
if you don't know where you're going and
you don't know the roads. You cannot
ident you can't buy or sell a market if
you don't know the difference between if
it's going up or if it's going down.
This right here is going to be the core
foundation of everything else that I
want to teach you. So I really really
really really
want to break this down to the tea and
get you guys to understand everything to
perfection because once you understand
this you get everything else right. So,
what I've just taught you right now is
how to identify if something is bullish
or if something is bearish based off of
the line chart. Right now, let's say
right now I'm going to grab this market
right here. Right? So, for example,
we're going to go to the most recent
price. Right? This is S&P 500 right now
in the live market. Right? So, we're
going to switch from the candlestick
chart to then the line chart. Now, if
you were to go ahead and tell me if this
market right here is bullish or is this
market bearish, it would almost be
extremely obvious, right? Because based
off of everything that I have pretty
much just showed you, you would be able
to identify that this market is
obviously bullish, right? You can tell
that this market right here, this is
going to be the highest high and that
the higher low is going to be at this
point right here. Right? You can tell
that this market is bullish. You can
tell that this market, if we were
looking at it from over here, for
example, you can tell that this was the
higher high. This was the higher low. If
we body candlestick closed above this
line right here, this becomes the higher
high. Where is the higher low? You get
the head of the snake. And then this
head of the snake, you start working it
backwards. And then at the turning
point, that is going to be the higher
low. All right, very easy. I've taught
you all this up to this point. Right?
Now you know that this is going to be
the higher low from this point right
here. Cool. You know if we body
candlestick close below it, we'll go
bearish. So this then becomes the lower
low and then this right here becomes
then the lower high. You know if we body
candlestick above this, we then go
bullish. Oh, that right there did not
body can well we'd have to go check if
the bodies did and I'll explain that in
just a second. But based off of the
market structure, guess what? We did not
break above that point. So we still
remained bearish. We continue to go and
then now we have officially broken above
this structure point over here. So this
became the higher high and then where
was the higher low? I don't know. I get
my trusty snake trick, start working my
way down and boom, this is a significant
point where the market actually
reversed. So then this right here is
actually going to become the higher low.
We break above and then we have higher
high and higher low. Very clean, very
obvious, very straight to the point.
This right here is a very very very
obvious market determining whether it's
bullish or if this market is bearish.
Wow. I have just hit stop loss on my
trade. I just uh I'm looking at it here
right now live. Great. I just hit stop
loss. Let me make sure. One second. Uh
yep. I just hit stop loss. I lost right
now $153,000.
Could have definitely been worse. Could
have definitely been worse. I just took
a trade that simply made absolutely no
sense. And this trade right here that I
was saying I was going to wait for the
candlestick to close. Guess what
happened? That's what happened. So, you
guys have seen this happen in real time.
The market moves very fast and you know,
I'm focused on educating you guys right
now. It is what it is. I missed out on
this trade, but just perfect example of
the market moving to perfection right
here. So, this right here, hit my stop
loss. I took this trade against the
trend. And then I'll explain all this to
you guys later. This trade, I would have
taken this loss. And this trade, I
missed out on this win. It is what it
is. It is part of the game. But for
example, if we were to go ahead and go
to a different market, for example,
let's say we were And by by the way, ju
just to show you guys, I'm not lying. So
GBPC uh USDCHF, this market right here,
let me go back over here. I literally
just took this loss right now. took this
loss right now for $153,000.
So you guys can see it right there for
yourselves. $153,000.
Now, I should have not taken the trade
in the first place. It was a very
high-risisk trade. But, you know, I
personally accepted it and I even
recorded me taking that trade live and
I'll put the channel my other channel
probably somewhere in the link below
where I break these trades down live and
why I'm interested in taking it, so on
and so forth. But yeah, this just
happens to be a very degenerate trade,
right? So, for example, let's say we're
looking at this market right here and
we're looking at it based off of the
line chart. The exact same trade that I
have taken. What can you tell based off
of this market right here? Well, you can
obviously tell that this market is
bearish, right? This market at one
point, this was the lower high over
here. This market was this was the lower
low. We broke below. So, this makes this
the new lower low. And then if we were
to do our trusty snake trick, this would
be the head of our snake. And if we
start working our way backwards, this
would be the first turning point right
here. This would be the lower high. So
this market would have gone from bearish
to then bearish, right? This would be
the new lower low. This would then be
the new lower high at this structure
point, right? So we can tell that this
would be bearish on this time frame. If
we go down to the 4our, on the 4 hour,
we can tell pretty much the same thing
that this is the lower low. And if we
start doing the little trusty move for
me personally, if I were to be a snake,
this right here is just another little
bump on the road. This is just a little
bump in the road. But this right here is
a very significant turn. There was
probably something very sharp, very
important there. So I would put the
lower high at that structure point right
there. You always want to place your
lower high and your lower low at the
points where there's a significant move
just like this one. something that is
very obvious that the market had a
reaction from from like this from this
to this to this to this to this. These
smaller points right here aren't really
as significant as structure points for
me. Neither are these very small ones.
It needs to be a very sharp clean
turning point. That is what's going to
be considered a valid structure point.
Now we for now we're going to be using
the line chart to identify these very
sharp structure points. But we are going
to be moving to the candlesticks soon.
Now moving on to the next subject which
is the actual candlestick trading. It is
actually very easy right because a lot
of traders sometimes they get confused
and what they end up doing is that they
pretty much come here into the market
and they'll be confused if this is a
higher low if this is a higher high this
is a higher low if this is a higher
high. And what if I told you that it's
just extremely easy for you to be able
to identify if something is bullish or
bearish. just go to the line chart back
into exactly what I was just educating
you guys on and just do the exact same
thing that I was showing you right now
to this point. Let's say we start
breaking it down from this point right
here for example, right? We're going to
use the bar replay and we're going to go
back this market right here. Why would
you get lost in identifying if all this
over here is bullish or bearish when you
can really just work from this structure
point right here? You can tell that this
structure point right here is obviously
the highest high in this market. So,
we're going to count this as what it is,
the highest high. Now, if we were get to
get the head of our snake trick and we
start working our way down, working our
way down. Boom. This market has indeed
reversed from this point. Right now,
this is the first turn. So, then this
will turn into the higher high and then
this will turn into the higher low. Now,
this market turning into the higher low
confirms that as long as we are inside
of this higher high and higher low, this
market will remain bullish. Pretty easy,
pretty self-explanatory. All we have to
do now is go back to the candlestick
chart. And would you look at that? We
have our higher low placed perfectly at
our higher low and placed perfectly at
this higher high. All we really have to
do here is just adjust it slightly and
put it to the bodies of the
candlesticks. When it comes to
identifying market structure on the
actual candlestick chart, it really is
no different than the line chart. You
just want to make sure that you are
doing it based off of the bodies of the
candlesticks. Do not take the wicks into
account. Remember, the wicks are the
trail of where the market has been, but
it's not the actual structure of where
the market has been. You want to make
sure you are going based off of
structure. So, a little bit of a of a
hack if you would in order for you to
have a bit more clarity on this if it's
your first time identifying market
structure. It's better if you do it with
the actual candlesticks and not the
wicks. So, double click on the charts
and once you double click on the charts,
go to style. Make sure you have all of
these un unchecked. And then make sure
you go to the no gap candlesticks. Go to
the settings of the no gap candlesticks.
And then on the wicks, just put them to
the color of your background. and my
background is white. And if you notice,
if I were to do that, I no longer have
wicks. I'm only looking at the market
structure for what it is, the market
structure. I'm looking for it based off
of every single elbow point. So, if I'm
basing the structure, it's very easy for
me to play structure structure
throughout all of here. It's very easy
for me to identify this structure
exactly how the line chart would do it.
So, I want to first practice on the line
chart. So, first I can identify all of
these structure points here as clear as
I can. And then after I identify all
these structure points, I then want to
be able to just go ahead and do it on
the candlestick chart for my own without
actually using the line chart. So here
for example, we have this as the higher
high. We have this as the higher low. As
long as we are in between, we are still
bullish. Now what has happened here? We
have now body candlestick closed above.
That is now the confirmed higher high.
Where is the confirmed higher low? I
don't know. We place the head of the
snake. We start coming backwards and
boom, we turn. That right there is
indeed going to be the higher low. We
just get the higher low. We move it up.
And as of right now, that's the higher
high. The higher high can obviously
move. So this higher high, if it
continue to move a little bit more up,
then that's the higher high. What gives
us the indication that that high push is
done is once we actually start to have
some type of retracement, a candlestick
like this that starts to have a
pullback. That pullback is what creates
that elbow. It's what creates that
structure point, which creates that stop
sign, that turning point. This
candlestick is what leads us to
understand that this push has somewhat
stopped and now this can potentially
start coming back into a pullback.
whether it's going to continue going to
the upside or go bearish. But this
candlestick confirms that that body
structure right there is indeed the
higher high. And obviously a
continuation push after that would just
confirm that. So as of right now, we
know that this is the higher low to this
structure point. And we know that this
is the higher high. This market is very
much bullish. If we go back out to the
line chart for just some verification,
we can tell that this is the higher low
and that's the higher high. very clean,
very obvious. There's no if ends or
buts, right? As long as we are above
this higher low, we are bullish. Now,
let's say something like that would
happen. Something like that is now
confirming that we have body candlestick
closed below the higher low and now we
are bearish. So, as soon as this
singular candlestick right here, body
candlestick closed below this structure
point, we are bearish. So, I know I I
kind of sneaked it in there and I said
it a lot throughout the whole entire
part of us speaking about market
structure, but this market could have
been creating a wick. This market could
have wicked into this side. And let's
say for example, right now we are on the
4hour time frame, right? It's the 4hour
time frame. There's still 2 hours left
in this candlestick. And this
candlestick has is below this higher
low, right? It hasn't closed below. It
is below this higher low. And there's
still two hours left for this
candlestick to close. Is that a bearish
confirmation? No. Because that
candlestick has not closed. In those two
hours, for all we know, this candlestick
can come back up and then close above
this higher low and it was just creating
a wick and then this continues to have
the push to the upside. You only take
the trade or excuse me, you only confirm
that this market is bearish once we have
body candlestick closed below after
let's say we are here for 2 hours left
to the candlestick and then the
remaining 2 hours it just consolidates
here and it closes below. Now we have a
confirmed shift of structure. This
market is no longer bullish. It is only
confirmed shifting structure once this
candlestick has closed below. So then
this would turn into the lower low. And
then let's go backwards. Let's pretend
we don't know where the lower high is.
This is the height of the snake. Start
working our way backwards. This is the
turn. Boom. That right there is the
lower high. So we know that this is the
lower high. And we know that that down
there is the lower low. Now, this lower
low can continue go down into who knows
when. We don't know until that lower low
is going to stop. But we know that lower
low will stop once we start to have a
retracement. When we start to have some
type of a pullback, that is our first
indication that now we are stopping.
Right? So, this move has stopped and now
we can potentially create a new lower
high to then create a new lower low. But
as of right now, this is not the
confirmed lower low. This is just the
current low low. Like this is the lowest
point in this move. We only get a
confirmation and you guys should be
writing all of this down and you guys
can go back if needed. But you only get
a confirmation once the candlestick has
actually closed. And as of right now,
this candlestick has closed, but it
hasn't stopped. So you only get the
confirmation once this candlestick has
stopped. And as of right now, for all we
know, this next candlestick can keep
going down or it could stop and start to
have a retracement. So let's see what
happens. So the next candlestick that we
get from this market is going to be a
reversal. Okay, cool. So this
candlestick having this retracement to
the upside let us know that this
candlestick has officially stopped here.
So now we know that this is the
confirmed lower high and that this is
the confirmed lower low. The next
candlestick can pretty much do something
like this. And then guess what? This
will now be the new lower low. And then
this will now be the new lower high. And
you can see this very clearly in the
market structure area. Market structure
area. If you guys were to see it, you
can tell that this is the lower high.
This is the lower low. And this is now
potentially having a reversal to
continue going down. We know that as
long as we are inside of this lower high
and this lower low, we are bearish. And
by the way, I just switched over to this
camera because my other camera just ran
out of battery, right? But let's
continue to go with this example. Right?
So now we know that this is the lower
high. We know that this is the confirmed
lower low and that this market is indeed
bearish as long as we remain inside of
this lower high and this lower low. We
are then bearish. Cool. So right now
this market can do exactly right could
do exactly what it's doing right now.
Has this closed below? No. So that is
not indeed the bearish move. As you can
tell took me way too long to pause it.
But as you can tell this candlestick
indeed did break below that structure
point. So then that will go as the lower
low. And if we were to then go ahead and
do our trusty snake trick, this is the
head of the snake. This is where the
snake has to then turn. That will then
be the lower high right then at that
structure point. Then, as you can tell,
we body candlestick close below once
again. This turns into becoming the
lower low. And then if we were to do the
trusty snake trick, this becomes the
lower high once again. And then we body
candlestick close above this right here
becomes the higher high. And then if we
were to do our trusty snake trick head,
the market turns, then that right there
will turn into the actual higher low.
Now all that right there shifted from
bearish to bullish to bearish to bullish
in just 12 hours cuz we are currently on
the 4hour time frame. Now you guys can
see if we were to go to the line chart
for example, you can see how this
created lower high, lower low, lower
high, lower low, and then we shifted
bullish. So right now that this market
has shifted bullish, we can simply wait
for a retracement to then buy. But we
don't know if this move has stopped. We
don't know if this is the ultimate
higher high or not. So let's see what
this market brings. So right now it's
showing some type of a retracement. So
this is the confirmed higher high. And
now right here we're having a
retracement. And this can be the perfect
higher low to then create a new higher
high. So this market is yet to break
above this higher high. And into that
candlestick is not closed. It is not a
confirmed closure above the higher high.
If you notice that minor candlestick
closing above the higher high, guess
what gave it that confirmation push to
the upside. Now, that is the confirmed
higher high. Now, where is the higher
low? Is the higher low at this point
right here? Or is it at this point right
here? Now, just for examples purposes,
since you guys watching this are
beginners, the easiest way to do this is
just go to the line chart and then check
where is the structure point. If this is
the head of the snake, start working our
way back. This is the reversal point.
higher low point. So very clean for you
to identify that reversal point and
you'll be able to tell where the higher
low is. So all you have to do is come
place that as your higher low and that
is your higher high and that is it. Now
you understand that this market is now
bullish. Uh this market is bullish. You
can identify this as the higher high and
let's see if we can predict when it can
potentially stop. So for right now there
you go. It's showing some sign of a
pullback. So this is so far the
confirmed higher high because if this
next candlestick has a push to the
upside then that would then be the new
higher high and then new higher low. So
for right now this market just seems to
be consolidating just a little bit.
Shortly after that this market after
having this retracement did exactly as I
just said had this retracement then it
comes to the upside. It breaks above
this is the higher high. This becomes
the higher low and after this becomes
the higher low we just start chasing or
continue pushing with price. And this
was the higher high but then no
pullback. Now as of right now this right
now where this market is at this very
moment is the ultimate and the newest
highest high. And this candlestick at
this very moment has 1 hour and 22
minutes before closing. So as you can
tell I'm literally placing it right at
the live price right now. So this market
is currently bullish. That is the
highest high. That is the higher low. So
if I were just to bring back the the
wicks really fast, we can see more or
less where the trail of the market has
been. And as you can tell, this market
has been all the way up to this point
over here. This was the highest high at
one point. This whole entire candlestick
was full like this at one point, making
that the higher high. But right now, we
cannot confirm this higher high and
where it is until this candlestick does
not close in the next hour and 20
minutes. This next hour and 20 minutes
is going to be used to identify where
this higher high officially closes. So
right now we're kind of just moving this
up and down until the market finishes
closing it. Once that market finish
closing it, we could identify to that
point and the market can either do two
things. Start to have a retracement or
continue pushing to the upside. And if
it continues pushing to the upside, all
we have to do is just keep moving that
higher high with it. Very similar to how
it did with this candlestick because
once upon a time, this was the higher
high at this point right here. And then
after that higher high, the next
candlestick after that just simply
closed as a another bullish candle. And
if it closes another bullish candle, you
just move the higher high to that point.
So on and so forth to the point where we
are now. So right now this market is
bullish. That is the higher high. And
then this is the higher low. Now this is
the simplest way to identify market
structure. You can literally identify
this on any market. And a lot of people
make the mistake on not properly
identifying structure correctly and they
just simply don't know how to do it. For
example, we can go to USDCHF and this
market right here on USDCHF is pretty
much very clear to the point where you
don't even have to go to the actual line
chart. You can tell that the lowest
point that this market has ever been is
this market right here. But if this
market you would call it bullish, just
say yes. or if you would call it
bearish, just say no. What would you
call this marker right here? Bullish or
bearish? I'll let you take a second and
decide. Go ahead and pause for the
video. Okay. So, you probably either
made a mistake or almost made a mistake
on this market. This market, arguably
speaking, depending on who you are
talking to, would technically be bullish
as of right now. You might be asking,
Alex, how this market is clearly going
to the downside. This is clearly all the
way at the lowest point it's ever been.
It has to be bearish. No, not
necessarily. This right here is
technically could be considered the
lower high. And then this right here
could technically be the lower low at
this point over here. So, this market is
technically bearish, yes, but it's not
bearish because of the lowest point that
it's ever been. It's bearish because of
this lower high and this lower low. Now,
if I were to look at this quickly on the
line chart, you can see how this would
actually be the lower high structure
point. And then this would be the lower
low structure point. At no point would I
possibly call that an actual structure
point cuz the snake, if we were to just
do the snake trick once again, the snake
would just simply pass right on by
there. No big deal. And then over here,
it would actually run into some more
structure points. So this market is
actually bearish because of that lower
high and that lower low not because of
the current price that is happening
right now. Now if this market indeed
does close where it is now in the next 5
hours and 17 minutes then yes then this
would become the new lower low and then
we just simply go back to the line chart
and then we would be able to identify
that the lower high would then be at
this structure point right here. very
clean, very easy, very straight. But a
lot of traders make the mistake that
they overlook a lot of market structure
and they only focus on one thing and
they're just looking at this right here,
right? Some traders, they get way too
zoomed into the market and they go
analyze or do a full top down analysis.
They're just looking at the market like
this. They're looking at the market for
this move right here and they're looking
at the market for just this move right
here. So guys, you got to understand,
you need to take a step back. You need
to look at the market for what's going
on. Now, some other traders make some
very big mistakes also, and they do this
when they go analyze the market. They're
like, "Yep, this market is uh bearish.
Yep. You see how how it's been going
down for like the last 5 years." It's
like, "Yeah, but you need you need to
understand like where the market is
right now. The market is all the way
down here." Like, why are you looking at
price all the way up here when it was
here in 2022? It's like that's 3 years
ago. Like, we are very far away from
that. We want to trade the market today.
So, we want to make sure we can zoom in
an a healthy amount to where we are
right now to where we can actually
center the charts right in the middle. I
don't know why, but I've seen whenever I
get on calls with my students and I
review the trades, like I literally see
that they're analyzing the markets like
this and they're like far away from the
screen. I'm like, dude, are you scared
of the market? Like, what's going on?
And or they look at the market like this
or they look at it like this, just like
barely looking. It's like, bro, you need
to get the market. You need to control
it and put it in the middle. You need to
focus on what's going on right in front
of you. Because if you can't see what
you're trading, how are you actually
going to trade? Like, you literally need
to be looking at it. And if you're
having the market like this, too skinny
or way too flat, how are you going to be
able to identify if you're ready to buy
or sell? You need to be able to actually
look at the market for what's going on
and centering it right in front of you.
And that also goes hand inand when
placing these structure points
correctly. A lot of people will just
overlook these things and they won't
realize that this market is actually
bearish. And I cannot count how many
times I have seen a market like this one
where 5 hours will still be in this
candlestick closure and in those 5 hours
this market will then do this and close
as a bullish candle and then everybody
counted it bearish wrongfully. Yes, you
are right that it's bearish but you're
wrong from where it is bearish and then
from wherever you're wrong from it's
bearish that's going to determine where
you're going to be interested in selling
or buying. And that is crucial to
actually having the perfect entry for
your trade, which we're going to getting
we're going to be getting to all of that
later into this video. I just want you
guys to have a very clear understanding
that there is so many different
potential examples and and scenarios
that could be happening on these
markets, right? For example, let's say
we go to GBPCHF, right? GBPCHF for
example, if we were to be looking at it
on this time frame, because again,
remember every single time frame, the
market structure is going to be
different. The market structure on the 4
hour will not be same as the daily and
the daily will not be same as the
weekly. Every single market structure is
going to be different. Would you call
this market right here bullish or
bearish? Go ahead, take a second, pause
the video, test yourself. Okay, perfect.
This market structure very, very easily.
We go and hop over to the line chart.
And the line chart, you're going to be
able to identify that this market
structure point right over here is the
lower high. And that this market
structure point over here is the lower
low. Lower high, lower low. As you can
tell, this market is yet to break above
or below that lower high or lower low
even up to this point right here. And
this, keep in mind, we are on the weekly
time frame, meaning every single one of
these candlesticks is a whole entire
week. We have literally like for us to
make one of these candlesticks, it takes
five trading days, which is a very long
time. So the weekly time frame, for
example, is bearish. So this would be
the weekly lower high and this would be
the weekly lower low. Pretty easy,
pretty self-explanatory. Let's go look
at the daily for example, the daily time
frame. We take a step back as well and
we can see everything that's going on.
We can see our weekly lower high and
lower low. But on the daily time frame,
if we were to identify this for the
daily structure, you can see how the
daily actually goes lower low, lower
high, lower low, and then we end up
shifting bullish. So now we we know that
we can look for more recent price action
to determine if something is bullish or
bearish. We don't really have to look at
the weekly structure point because we
know that the weekly structure point is
the weekly structure point and within
that weekly structure point the daily
time frame went bearish and had an
additional structure point and then we
went bullish. So for the daily, I would
zoom into pretty much a price action
like this. And then within within this
price action, I can very clearly
identify that this market was at one
point creating very clean lower high,
lower low. We pretty much broke through
all this over here. Then at this point
down over here, we created a lower low
and then this was the lower high. Right?
So I'm talking about this example right
here. This lower high, this lower low.
Obviously this market then then we broke
above this structure point right there.
So at this point we are very very much
bearish. We broke above that structure
point making it now bullish. So we look
at it on the candlestick time frames. We
can see how it is bullish. We can pretty
much see how that time frame stopped.
And if you notice look how precise it is
when I'm telling you guys that it is
based off of the body candlestick
closing below the line. If you notice
this broke above this structure point
right here. it breaking above this
structure point made it bullish. So now
this turns into the higher high making
this the higher high then turns this
into the higher low because if we do our
trusty snake trick this is the point
where the market has a turn and if for
whatever reason you can't see it that
clean. It's totally fine because you can
go back out to the line chart and on the
line chart you can see that that's the
higher high that's the higher low and
then we want to make sure that we can
squeeze price to the bodies of the
candlesticks. And if you notice, guess
what happens? Price comes all the way
back down to this higher low because
again, this is very, this is bullish as
long as we don't break below this line.
And then price never body candlestick
closes below that higher low. And then
guess what happens? We then have a
massive push to the upside. Look how
precise placing these higher highs and
higher lows is and the importance of it.
You want to make sure that you can place
this at an area that it is very clear
and very obvious. Once again, you could
go back out to the line chart and you
can verify higher low, higher high. We
have now body candlestick obviously
above this area. So, we can go out to
the daily time frame and place it on the
body. This right here is a very clean
higher high. Now, I would argue that I
would not count this as a higher low.
This right here is something that I can
see the head of the snake just simply
kind of just going right pass by. I see
this as a much more sign significant
turning point than that one. And the
best way for me to confirm it is if I go
out to the actual candlestick chart,
which is what we're going to be trading.
And I don't see any possible
candlesticks creating an elbow. It's not
something clean like it's not something
for example like this that it actually
creates a structure point. Here it
creates a structure point. Like there's
something here. It just looks like it's
one whole move to the upside. So, not
only does the actual line chart
structure not look clear, but when I go
out to the candlestick chart, I also
confirm that it's not clear. So, for me,
I would then make the higher low, this
structure point right here, making this
the higher high and making this the
higher low. Now, keep in mind, this is
not the confirmed higher high from this
market because this market could simply
continue going to the upside. We don't
know. But as of right now, that is the
higher high and this is the higher low.
So, let's see what happens next. My
point exactly. So, now this is the new
higher high. And if you notice, there's
no difference in the higher low
structure point on this time frame.
There's just still a whole entire move
to the upside. The move just keeps going
up. And now looks like we are stopping.
So this looks like we are at the
confirmed higher high. Now having this
confirmed higher high is so important
because you're going to be able to
actually be ready to either enter a
trade or set up the perfect trade to
enter. I'm telling you, as soon as you
understand this market structure, you
understand everything. I'm going to be
able to teach you how to actually use
the inverted head and shoulders, the
head and shoulders, entry time frame
confirmation, shift of structure. I'm
just going to teach you how to do
everything. Once you understand this,
this is like me teaching you the ABCs to
a language. As soon as you get the ABCs,
you can basically put it all together
and then you're going to actually be
able to go ahead and speak on it. But
first, you need to learn the alphabet.
So this right here, as you can tell, the
market has actually shown a sign of
stopping. And this market looks like
it's ready to start having some type of
retracement before continue going to the
upside. So that's what I thought. But
then guess what? The market just simply
created another higher low and kept
going to the upside. It doesn't look
clean on the actual candlestick chart.
You can just use the line chart to be
able to identify. We have body
candlestick closed above. Let's make
sure of that first before anything. And
yes, we did body candlestick close above
this higher high. So now this is the new
higher high. I go back out to the line
chart. And on the line chart, this now
turns into the higher low, meaning we
are still very much bullish on the daily
time frame. Now the daily time frame,
guess what ends up happening? We end up
actually having a break below that
higher low. Okay, what happens once we
break that higher low? First of all,
let's just go out to the line chart just
to confirm. So now on the line chart,
we're going to make this the new lower
low. And then we are going to make this
the lower high, right? Very clean, very
simple. Now the daily time frame is
bearish, quote unquote. And if we were
to just continue following price action,
this right now, as of right now, is the
confirmed lower low, but it is not fully
confirmed yet because we don't know if
this has stopped, right? We need to make
sure and figure out where it's going to
stop. So if we keep it going, perfect.
Price has very much stopped there. So
that is the confirmed lower low. We can
look at it also on the line chart. As
you can tell, lower high, lower low.
Once again, I would not count that as
the structure point. Feel like the snake
would pass right by there exactly how it
did here. And if we were to look at it
on the candlestick chart, I don't see
any elbows being created. So right now,
we have lower high, we have lower low.
And this trade as of right now has not
body candlestick closed below. No body
candlestick closure, no confirmation.
And now that we have a body candlestick
closure below, we can then confirm that
this is actually indeed a proper lower
low structure point. So I would go ahead
and then count this as the lower low.
You don't know where to place the lower
high. Go to the line chart and find the
cleanest structure point. So if I were
to make this the head of the snake,
start working my way back, I would not
count that one as the cleanest structure
point. I would count this one as the
cleanest structure point. And that
cleanest structure point is what's going
to lead me to then make the lower high
right at this area right here. Now,
these potential examples are literally
never ending. These things are just the
market creates so many different unique
types of structure points that it's a
neverending different scenario. There's
never always a perfect exact black or
white structure point. And I want you
guys to understand that because that is
so important to having that mindset when
it comes to trading the market. I wish I
would have known that when I came into
the market. I always tried to perfect
and get the precise exact structure
point every single time. And the truth
of the matter is that the market doesn't
move perfect. It's going to move however
it wants. And sometimes it moving
however it wants. It doesn't make things
extremely clear for you to actually be
able to identify as a lower high or
lower low or higher high and higher low.
You have to make it make sense. And if
it makes sense, it makes sense. If it
doesn't, it doesn't. But there's never
going to be like a proper black or white
textbook that's going to tell you, "Yep,
that's exactly how it is." Exactly what
I'm teaching you right now is as close
as it's going to get. Everything is just
based off of where it's the cleanest and
where it makes the most sense because
every single move is so different. And
that is this is a perfect example on how
placing that as the lower high at the
area where it makes sense. Price had a
pullback to that area, did not have a
body candlestick closure above and then
guess what? We had a massive push to the
downside. This is what I'm saying.
Everything is just textbook. You need to
follow it as close to it as you can. And
the patience is the most important
thing. Next, this is obviously going to
break below. This is the lower low. And
then I can almost guarantee you that the
lower high will be right at that
structure point right there. Once again,
you go back to the line chart and then
you can identify that that right there
is the lower high. That right there is
the lower low. And if we just continue
following price, this market right now
is bearish. As long as we are inside of
this move right here. And then let's see
what happens next. As you can tell, we
come all the way back up very near that
lower high. We do not body candlestick
close above it. And guess what happens?
Beautiful sells to the downside. Like
this is just so easy because it's so
predictable because you know exactly
where the market is. So this turns into
the lower high. This turns into the
lower low. If we go ahead and look back
into the line chart, it's very obvious
where it's at. For right now, this is
not the confirmed lower low because we
don't know if that's where it stopped.
And then that is exactly where it
stopped. Right now we're having a
retracement. As long as we remain inside
of the lower high and lower low, we are
bearish. And then would you look at
that? This market as of right now did
not break above the lower high, lower
low, and you could have caught a
beautiful sell inside of this bearish
move right here. I'm just showing you
guys how easy it is to identify if
something is bullish or if something is
bearish. And this right here, it is very
obvious that that is the lower high and
that this is the lower low based off of
this structure point on how I am
teaching you guys right now. So you use
the line chart to determine if something
is bullish or bearish. And then when you
come to the candlestick charts, all you
simply do is just adjust it and make it
to the bodies so you have a clear
understanding of where it is. This right
here is how you identify if something is
bullish or bearish and how market
structure works. I cannot stress on how
much I wished I knew how this is this is
how things work because this would have
made my life so much easier and I would
have saved so much time on trying to
figure out different ways on how to
identify if something is properly
bullish or if something is properly
bearish. But right now you can just tell
that the weekly time frame is bearish.
So this is the weekly lower high lower
low. That is what the daily lower high
and lower low looks like on the weekly.
The daily time frame, this is the lower
high and lower low. This is what the
actual weekly lower high and lower low
looks like on the daily. And now if we
go to the 4our time frame, on the 4our
time frame, we can do the exact same
thing that we have just done right now.
Go out to the line chart and on the line
chart you can identify that this 4hour
time frame is also very much bearish.
This is a lower high and then this is
the lower low. You can follow all this
structure. lower high, lower low, higher
high, higher low. D, higher high, higher
low. We break the structure and now we
are bearish. So this is the 4hour lower
high. And as of right now, this is the
4hour lower low. So if you ask me a
question and you know you have the
weekly time frame bearish, the daily
time frame bearish, and then the 4our
time frame bearish, h doesn't it make
sense to sell? Of course, that's how you
can kind of just start building a
picture and then everything else just
starts coming into play. So, without you
even realizing, we have just done a top
down analysis. We've gone from the top
down. We've gone from the weekly time
frame down. And that's how simple it is.
But for right now, I just want to
educate you guys exactly on how market
structure works. We're going to be using
the line charts to understand if market
structure is bullish or bearish. And
then after we go to the candlestick
chart. And on the candlestick chart, we
just place it to the bodies. And the
most important rule is that you make
sure that you place these lower highs
and lower low lines or if you're going
to be using a bullish market that you
are actually placing these higher highs
and higher low points. You want to make
sure that you actually place these lines
so you know exactly where your higher
lows and higher highs are so you aren't
mistaken from where the market is
bullish or bearish from. To get your
line, simply come here, place higher
high, and then place the higher low at
the point wherever the higher low is.
This way, you have a clear understanding
of where the market is. This way, you
are actually having a perfect base to
build your trade off of before you enter
the trade and you know exactly the type
of trade that you're entering before you
even enter it. This market right here
arguably is going to be bullish. So, as
you can tell, this is the lower high.
This is the lower low. This is the lower
high. This is the lower low. Now, this
is the higher high and this is the
higher low. This right here is the
weekly higher low at this point right
here. And then right now, we are
currently in the works of creating that
weekly higher high. It's very simple,
very straightforward. This right here is
how you read market structure in the
markets. Everything is based off of the
elbows. Everything is to this market
structure. You do it on the line chart.
It reflects on the candlesticks. And the
only difference in between one or the
other is that the other one is just
straight lines and this one is straight
candlesticks. We want to make we want to
make sure that we can focus on the
bodies of the candlesticks and not the
wicks. The wicks are just a trail. We
use that for the entries that is not any
use literally all the way into the end.
The wicks are pretty much the last thing
that we use. But right now, you want to
make sure that you can just read the
market structure and be able to identify
if something is bullish or bearish based
off of that structure. That being said,
that is the candlestick charts and the
line charts. All right, so at this point
into the video, we are obviously very
deep into what trading is, how trading
works, and truthfully the very very
simple concepts on how to read market
analysis. Right now, you just understand
to determine if something is properly
bearish. Now, we're going to get into
top that analysis. We're going to get
into area of interest, support and
resistance, entry signal, double tops,
double bottoms, break and retest,
indicators, trading plan, strategy,
everything inside of this video. So,
want to take a quick pause and make sure
you subscribe to the channel. If you
haven't subscribed, hit that subscribe
button, hit that like button as well.
Leave a comment on what has been your
favorite section so far. And to do a
quick recap. So, up to this point, we
have talked about what a currency pair
is. We have talked about different types
of traders, day traders, swing traders,
scalpers, intraday investors. We have
also talked about the types of technical
trading. You have the line chart, the
candlestick charts, multiple different
forms of bar charts. You guys now
understand what platforms you need to
actually execute a trade and which ones
you should focus on. That's only going
to be Trading View, a broker of your
choice, and then MetaTrader 5 to
actually execute the trade. and then
maybe Forex Factory if you want to use
the fundamentals. Now you guys
understand the actual trading sessions
to be involved into the market because
there yes the market is there to be
available 245 to actually go ahead and
execute a trade but that doesn't mean
that you should actually execute a trade
at whatever time you want whenever it's
at the best of your convenience. You
need to make sure that you're trading
within that proper window of you
actually executing a trade. So now you
guys understand the different types of
orders in the market. You guys
understand what's an market instant
execution? What's a buy stop, sell,
stop, market order limits, and how you
can actually place that on MetaTrader 5?
You guys are educated exactly on how to
identify the market structure. Now, if
you need more practice and you need to
see it all over again, just simply go
back before you continue watching this
video forward because there is no other
market structure education that is to be
done to determine if something is
bullish or if something is bearish. All
I can just really do is have a
neverending amount of examples and then
I would actually never get to the point
when it comes to the strategy. Inside of
my channel, I have many other videos
like this one where I actually educate
you on market structure alone and it's a
full class on just that. But what I've
just taught you previously should be
more than enough for you to be able to
go ahead go to any chart and determine
if it's bullish or bearish. Now that
after that you've learned and you've
been able to identify that something is
bullish or bearish. But what's next?
Well, it's exactly what we're going to
be getting into right now. Just want to
do a quick pause quiz recap because
that's a lot of information and that
information has taken me a very long
time to even remotely get near
understanding it. And now the fact that
I've just put it all to you in one
single video is pretty crazy. And I just
wanted to make sure that you realize
that before we continue going forward.
And if you think that you need to just
watch the market structure section a bit
more before moving on because now things
are going to get a little bit more
advanced and I'm going to start going a
bit faster paced. Just literally take a
quick pause at this section. Go back,
watch the last 30 minutes to 45 minutes,
even the last hour, and just watch that
section over again. Go look over
throughout your notes. And all I'm going
to be doing now is teaching you now the
advanced way on how to do it, how to
actually do a proper top down analysis,
and how to place your areas of interest.
So, with that being said, let's get
started. Okay, so let's see if you've
been doing your homework and you've
actually been paying attention, right?
So, what I'm about to show you guys is
going to be topdown
analysis.
Topdown analysis. This right here is
what's going to lead you to determine if
it's a good time to buy or a good time
to sell. Now, you might be asking
yourself, why is top analysis so
important? And that is because top-down
analysis is directly connected to the
actual trend of the trade. And you
should only be executing a trade if you
are trading with the trend. The trend is
your friend. I cannot stress this
enough. And you want to make sure that
you can be trading with the most amount
of trends in your favor. So the trend is
your friend. If you were to get
something to write that on a piece of
paper, this would probably be on the top
of that forefront. Now, at the point
when it comes to actually entering a
trade, everything when it comes to
educating you on the market, there's a
bunch of other valuable notes, but when
it comes to actually entering a trade,
this is going to be probably one of the
top things that you need in your favor
for you to actually determine if the
trade is good to buy or if the trade is
good to sell. So, for us to do a top
analysis, it's very simple, right? You
have a weekly move that's going to be
like this. So this box over here that
we're going to be having at our left
section, this is going to be the weekly.
Then inside of this box, we're going to
have the daily. And then on this box, we
are going to have the 4 hour. And in
just a second, I'm going to be breaking
down what every single time frame is
used for and how you're going to use it.
Right? You just learn to determine if
something is bullish or bearish. Right
now, you can very clearly tell that this
weekly time frame is bullish. That's the
higher high and that's the higher low.
Right? If you were to do the snake trick
once again, this is the head of the
snake. The first turn that is going to
be the actual
turn of the snake and that's going to be
the higher low. So this is what the
market looks like on the weekly. Now, if
we were to look at this same exact
market on the daily, for example, this
is exactly how this market would look
like. So, I'm literally just copying
this exact same structure move, but I'm
just basically zooming into this price.
So, this is what the weekly higher high
would look like on the weekly. This is
what the weekly higher low would look
like on the weekly. If I were to copy
this weekly higher low and place it over
here on the daily, this is what it would
look like. Or even lower. We're just
going to place it literally at the exact
same price where it is over here. And
this is what the weekly higher high
would look like if I were to place the
weekly higher high at this daily time
frame. Now, this is the weekly higher
high. This is the weekly higher low on
the daily time frame. But the daily time
frame, this is the daily higher high as
well. So, if we were just to put here
daily higher high and then where is the
daily higher low? Well, let's say you
don't know because you've just started
to learn how to trade, but you do know
how to use the snake trick. And this
crazy guy in the internet keeps saying
that the snake trick is based off of the
first turn and that's where the higher
low is. So, if this is the head of the
snake and we start going backwards, that
is the first turn. That indeed right
there is going to now be the higher low
of this market. All right, this crazy
guy in the internet is somehow making
sense. So that right there is going to
be the higher low. Now this is what the
daily higher low looks like on the
weekly. And this is what the daily
higher high looks like on the weekly. So
as you can tell we have the same higher
high and then we have a different higher
low because there's different structure,
self-explanatory. Everything so far
should be making sense because we are
not breaking down anything new. This is
just what it looks like on the weekly
and this is what it looks like on the
daily. Now, if I were to do the exact
same structure move on the 4 hour,
obviously the 4our time frame is going
to have a lot more structure, a lot more
detail that is going to define the
weekly and the daily time frame, right?
Because keep in mind, every single
candle of this is just one week. But two
of these candles is going to be 10 of
the candles on the daily. And then on
the weekly it'll be north of 26 candles.
So the lower the time frame we go, the
more detail you're going to see
everything. It's just going to be broken
down into many more candlesticks and
many more structure points. It's going
to be broken down the same way whether
you look at it on the candlestick chart
or whether you look at it on the line
chart. The market structure is going to
change because the price movements
change based off of the time frame. So,
so far right now we have the weekly time
frame and we have the daily time frame.
Right? Now, on the 4our time frame,
we're also going to identify the higher
high and higher low. Right? 4our time
frame is bullish. As you can tell, this
is the 4hour higher high. And then the
4hour higher low is going to be at this
point right here. Once again, if we do
the trusty snake trick, get the head of
the snake, turn backwards, that right
there is going to be the higher low.
Pretty easy, pretty self-explanatory
just showing this in a very very very
simple format. So we have just done top
down analysis on for example EuroUSD.
We have understood that this market
structure as of right now. This is what
the 4hour higher high looks like on the
4 hour and this is what the 4hour higher
low looks like on the daily for example.
And this is what the 4hour higher low
looks like for example on the weekly. So
this is just to give you perspective
when you're going to go enter a trade
where you are entering the trade. Should
you be entering the trade on the 4 hour?
Should you be entering the trade on the
daily? Should you be entering the trade
on the weekly? Now all of that I'm going
to be breaking down inside of this
video. I just want you guys to
understand one thing at a time. The
trend is your friend. So now this market
right here, yes, the weekly time frame
is going to be considered bullish, the
daily time frame is going to be
considered bullish, and the 4hour time
frame is going to be considered bullish.
Now, this quote unquote is great because
you have all three time frames that are
going to be in your favor. So this means
that it's a great time to buy. Now,
while this is what I'm saying to you
guys right now in this specific example,
that actually might not be the case. And
I'm going to break that down in just a
second. But the most important thing
that I want you guys to understand right
now is going to be top down analysis is
to literally determine if something is
bullish or bearish from the top down. So
all of the time frames that we will be
using are going to be these. So we have
the weekly,
daily, 4 hour, 2 hour, 1 hour, 30
minutes and 15 minutes. Now we will be
using the weekly, the daily and the 4
hour. All of these three time frames,
these are going to be used to identify
the trend. So these are used to identify
trend and area of interest slashsup
support or resistance. And we'll get
into that in just a second. Don't worry,
one thing at a time. But we will be
using these higher time frames to
identify where is the overall direction
of the market going because we want to
be trading with that direction. If the
majority of the higher time frames are
going up, best believe we're just going
to keep going up. If the majority of the
higher time frames are going down, best
believe we're are going to continue that
trend to the downside. There's no better
option when it comes to buying or
selling. They're both equally the same.
And then we're going to be using these
lower time frames as entry signal
confirmations. Now, I'm going to prepare
you guys right now for something. The
entry signals
is going to actually be the most simple
thing that I can possibly ever teach
you. It's going to be the easiest thing
you are ever going to learn. But it will
be the last thing. Why? Because when you
go enter the trade, that means that you
have done your whole entire analysis.
That means that you have broken down
your strategy. That means that you have
done literally everything and you're at
the point of entry. There is so many
more things that we need to get to the
point before the market is even near
entering the trade. And just want to
prepare you guys mentally for that. That
if you try even remotely to skip this
video straight to the entry section
because you can you're going to be
making a very big mistake because just
because you have the entry portion of
the trade doesn't mean that you
understand how to have the whole entire
analysis of the trade before entering
it. You need to properly know how to
enter the trade prior to actually having
the entry signal. Where is the trade? Do
you have certain confluences? Are you at
a proper support and resistance? Do you
even know how to place a proper support
and resistance? You have added
confluences that you can have before
your entry signal. There's so many more
steps that go down before the entry
signal that you skipping all the way to
the entry signal portion is actually
going to cause you more damage than
good. Just wanted to add this as a side
note in there because I get it might be
a lot of time for you to sit down and
watch this video, but I will tell you
this. it's going to cost you a lot more
time you trying to figure this out and
cheat your way through it and try to
just skip it when the best way to do it
is just learn properly and take your
time. Right? So with that being said,
entry signal time frames are going to be
this. And then the trending time frames
for top down analysis are going to be
this. So when we do our top down
analysis, we are only going to be using
the weekly, the daily, and the 4 hour.
We don't involve the two hour, the 1
hour, the 30 or the 15 minutes until we
are not ready to enter the trade. So
these time frames right here are
completely avoided until we are ready to
enter the trade. And we are not ready to
enter the trade until quite some time.
So for now, we will completely disregard
all of these time frames and what an
entry signal is. And our only focus for
right now is going to be the trend. And
for us to identify the trend, we need to
do a top down analysis. And that is with
these three time frames the weekly, the
daily and the 4 hour. Now the way to do
top down analysis
is to identify the structure
on these
three time frames
to identify
trend.
So it's very simple. The way for us to
do a top deadline analysis is to
identify the structure on these three
time frames to identify the trend.
Exactly what we've done right now.
Perfect example is we can go right now
to S&P 500 for example. We can go to a
different market. For example, let's say
we go to
AUD JPY, right? For example, right? This
is a real market that I'm actually
interested in trading. And we're just
going to go to a different server. So,
we don't have a bunch of stuff in our
way. We're going to start off on the
weekly time frame. Top.alysis. analysis
is meant to literally start from the top
down. So remember, we don't want to be
looking at the market way too back to
the point where we can't even look at
the market structure where you can't
even see the candlesticks. And remember,
you don't want to be super zoomed in to
the point where you can only see the
last five candlesticks and you can't
look much to the left. You want to get a
healthy amount. For you to do a proper
topdown analysis on the weekly time
frame, you should go backwards. Max
anywhere from five
to six years. Five to six years should
be the max. You go backwards to identify
structure. If something is bullish or
bearish five, six years back to identify
the market structure. Now, I know this
might seem like a lot. You're like,
Alex, that's a long time. That's a lot
of market structure, but you really only
need to do this one time. And you only
need to do this one time because once
you understand where the market is and
where it's bullish or bearish from, you
really don't ever have to go back. So
like let's say right now we go back
five, six years and that's the max,
right? Because we don't really have to
go all the way to this point right here
because we can very clearly tell this
has shifted to the upside and then we've
gone bullish or bearish. But let's say
if we were to go through all of this
market structure right now, it would
probably take us 10 minutes, 15 minutes,
and then we end off with this market
being bullish or bearish to wherever,
right? Just for a random example, let's
just call this the higher high. Let's
just call this the higher low, whatever.
Once this market breaks this structure
point, we don't have to go back five
years again to determine if this market
is indeed bullish or bearish. No, we
just know if it breaks this structure
point, this market will then be bullish.
that will be the higher high and then
the higher low will be somewhere here
and then we don't ever have to go back
and do it again. And that's why I trade
or quote unquote trade. I analyze all of
these different markets simply because I
just know where they are every single
time because I already did the work. I
already analyze the markets and I
already know where they are. Like I
already did all that work and all that
work is really not a lot of work. Just
kind of preparing for you guys for that.
And then on the 4 hour,
the max we could go back is going to be
anywhere from six to 12 months
back to identify the market structure.
So make sure you guys write this down.
You guys don't need to go further than
this to determine if something is
bullish or if something is bearish. So
if we can just go over to the line chart
for us to have a very clear indication
to determine if this is bullish or
bearish. All we can see here is that
this market at one point started from
this high point. This was a higher low.
Now we can just start off from this
point. It'll be very easy for us to
determine this. So if you are confused
and you are a beginner and you can't do
it off of the candlesticks just yet,
don't worry. You can just go ahead and
use your trusty line chart and that'll
be your cheat sheet. That'll be your
hack. But if I were to be using the
candlesticks, I can tell that this is
the higher high off of that body right
there. And then I can tell that this is
the higher low based off of that body
right there. We switch over back to the
line chart and look at that perfect
accuracy right to the structure point.
So we know that this is the higher high.
Excuse me. This is the higher low on the
weekly.
And then we understand that this is the
daily higher high. Cool. We know as long
as we remain inside of here, we are
bullish. When we break below, we are
bearish. Look at that. We go out to the
daily time frame and what do we have? a
daily body candlestick closure below.
Now what does that mean? That means that
now this if it has confirmed closed
below and as of right now it hasn't
closed. Let's see if this candlestick
has closed. Now it has officially
confirmed close below. This is the
weekly lower low. Cool. This is the
weekly lower low. And then our weekly
lower high goes to which point? Well, if
this is the head of the snake, we start
going backwards. This is the first turn.
That right there is indeed going to be
the actual lower high. So this point
over here is now going to be turned into
the daily, excuse me, the weekly lower
high. Human error weekly
lower high. Cool. We know as long as we
are inside of the structure, this is
still the continuation cells. The
candlestick hasn't closed. Would you
look at that? Still hasn't still pushing
down. We keep we do the snake trick once
again. There's still no stopping point.
So, this move hasn't hasn't stopped just
yet. Cool. Looks like it's going to be
stopping somewhere around here. And that
looks like exactly where it's going to
stop. Let me confirm based off of the
line chart. Beautiful. It stopped at
that point right there. Beautiful
perfection execution. We continue
following this market structure. As long
as we are in between this lower high and
lower low, we are still bearish. Would
you look at that? We body candlestick
closed below. That makes this the new
lower low. We do the snake trick. This
right here becomes the lower high. You
need some clarity, just hop back on over
the line chart and take a look at it.
Lower low, lower high. As long as we
don't body candlestick close above this,
we are still bearish. And would you look
at that? We did indeed body candlestick
close above this becomes the higher
high. So this is now weekly higher high.
And then this becomes the weekly higher
low. And we basically do this all the
way up until the point where we
understand where the market is right
now. This is extremely healthy for your
vision when it comes to seeing the
market patterns and determining if
something is bullish or bearish. As you
can tell here, it has struggled
extremely hard to break above that
structure point. And this is showing the
power of these higher high and these
structure points. Look how strong that
line was that it for nearly six weeks. 1
2 3 4 5 nearly seven weeks it did not
manage to break above. It made it all
the way to this close and it never body
closed. Now it did body close below. So
this becomes a new lower low. Then this
over here becomes the lower high. So we
are now bearish. Then this becomes the
lower low. Then this becomes the lower
high. We are now bearish inside of this
move. Once we body close above, we then
go bullish. We wicked out. Never
actually were able to body candlestick
close above and uh we are about to do it
very soon. Now we have officially closed
above. That is the higher high. This is
the higher low. We're just following a
live right now just so we can not waste
too much time on these examples, but
everything is pretty obvious on where it
is. So we're just continuing from this
lower high, this lower low, then this
becomes the higher high. And then this
structure point right here becomes the
higher low. So we could go out to the
weekly time frame just to confirm,
excuse me, we go out to the line line
chart just to confirm. And look at that.
That is the weekly higher high. That is
the weekly higher low. So right now all
we are doing is top down analysis to
determine if this is bullish or bearish.
And the weekly is bullish. This is the
I am not making this up. This is not
part of my strategy just yet. At this
point right now, I am just exe I'm just
educating you on how to read the market.
Next, we go down to the daily time
frame. We would pretty much do the exact
same thing. We could start off from
whichever point, but we can start off
from right here. And it would be very
obvious if we would just hop over to the
line chart that this market at one point
was creating these higher highs and
higher lows. And we can pretty much just
pick it up from like right around here.
This right here would be the lower high.
This right here would be the lower low,
lower high. We body candlestick close
above. Then this would be the higher
high. I would leave that as a higher
low. Let me go to the candlestick to
confirm. Yes, because if this was the
lower high at one point, correct? This
was the lower high. This was the lower
low. I wouldn't really count that as a
structure point simply because it's not
as strong or as significant.
Once this move has actually closed above
and we created this new higher high
prior to this candle, if I'm looking
down, I don't see any clean elbows. I
don't see any clean structure points. I
don't it's just it just looks like one
clean continuation up. The head of the
snake can very clearly just move on
right through there. It's not like a
move like this. If this were to be the
head of the snake, it would actually
have to like go and make that turn. I
don't see any significant turns at that
point right there. Meaning that then I
would include
for this to be the higher low. Obviously
this candlestick now closes above this
becomes the higher high. This becomes
the higher low and then I would count
this as the higher high. I would not
count that as the higher low. But let's
see what it looks like on the line
charts. And if we were to look at that
on the line chart, it could be
considered the higher low. And this is
where experience and just being part of
just being in front of the markets for
hours will lead you to be able to make
this analysis. I personally would not
count that as the higher low. Even
though on the line chart it does look
like the higher low. If you were to look
at it on the daily candlestick, if you
were to ask me, the head of the snake
would just simply come right on through
there and not do a significant turn. It
can easily just slide right on through
there. this market structure is far more
significant and I could actually doing
see it doing a turn before continuating
to the upside. Now, I know in the past
for my advanced students, if any of you
guys are in here, I know a lot of you
guys sometimes say, "Yep, that's exactly
what I learned inside of my strategy
because a one candlestick pullback, I'm
not saying it's not significant enough,
but it it would need to be a lot cleaner
in order for me to actually consider it
as a structured pullback." And this one
candlestick right here to me is simply
not strong enough. There's other
different examples of a one candlestick
pullback that could look far more
interesting and far more respectful. It
looks a lot more like structure point
compared to that candle. Even if
something as small as this, as you can
tell, this right here actually had an
engulfing candlestick and then it had
the push up. I would personally count
this as a pullback compared to the other
one just because this has more of a body
to it. It has more of a statement to it.
This right here shows me some type of
elbow. And if we were to look at it on
the line chart, it looks exactly the
same as the market structure that we're
running into right now. But this looks a
lot more respected. This right here
looks pretty soft in my opinion. And I
want personally I want to risk my money
on something that I feel comfortable
with and something that is respected.
And to me, I don't see the market
respecting that structure point right
there. Right. So daily time frame, we
are also indeed bullish. So this is the
daily higher high. This is the daily
higher low, weekly higher high, weekly
higher low. Cool. Pretty easy, pretty
self-explanatory. Now, I want you guys
to go ahead and pause this video and
tell me whether this 4hour time frame is
bullish or if this 4hour time frame is
bearish. Go ahead, pause this video. I'm
going to give you guys 5 seconds to
determine if this is bullish or if this
is bearish just based off of the line
chart. Go ahead. If you make a mistake,
it's okay. Don't worry. It's very
tricky. But go ahead.
All right, you guys came back. So the
4hour time frame, if we were to follow
just the structure point, obviously this
would be a higher low. This would be a
higher high. Arguably, this can be a
higher low. And then this could be a
higher high up here. But let's see what
it looks like on the actual candlestick
chart. Well, if you notice on the
candlestick chart, the body line has
officially closed above that structure
point right there. And I would consider
this to be the higher high. I would have
actually never considered this to be the
higher low for the exact same example
that we just did on the daily time
frame. I would have actually considered
this the higher low. But the point is
that it doesn't even matter because this
structure actually closed above making
that the higher high and then making
this right here the higher low. If that
was the higher low, that was the higher
high. The market shifted it making this
now bearish. So then this became the
lower low. Then if we that becomes the
lower low. We do the head of the snake.
We start working backwards. That's the
first turn. That is then going to be the
4hour lower high. And then if this is
the 4hour lower low, let me just erase
this right here. If this then becomes a
4-hour lower low, we then do the head of
the snake. This is then going to be the
lower high. That right there is why this
4hour time frame is indeed bearish. So
this time frame is actually bearish. Let
me just put that right back up there.
There should be a right there. So this
is the 4hour lower low and then this is
the 4our lower high.
4 hour
lower high.
4our
lower low. So, if you said that this was
bearish, I want to make sure that you
understand why this is bearish. If you
were say that it's bullish, I want you
to understand why you weren't correct
that it was bullish. You should have
obviously very easily seen that this
broke above this structure point and
that was the higher high. And if that's
the higher high, that's very clearly the
higher low. We broke below, lower low,
lower high, lower low. So, the 4hour
time frame is indeed bearish. Now, at
this point of us analyzing this market,
this is pretty much what it looks like.
This is our top down analysis at this
point right now. So, if we were to look
at everything on the daily time frame,
which is probably my best my my I I say
it's my favorite time frame just because
you can kind of see everything without
it being either too far or too close in.
You can very clearly see here where the
weekly higher low and weekly higher high
is. You can see where the daily higher
high and the daily higher low is. And
then you can see where the 4hour lower
high and the 4our lower low is. Now this
top down analysis looks pretty empty in
my opinion. Right? You might be looking
at all these lines and you might be
like, "Okay, Alex, cool. I understand
that the daily is bullish because of
this and I understand that the weekly is
bullish because of this." Now, what do I
do with that information? Well, that
information is actually extremely
powerful because you understanding that
you have two time frames in sync is the
most powerful thing that you can
possibly do. Now, you might be saying,
"Wait, what the Alex say? Two time
frames in sync?" Yes, you need two
consecutive
time frames
in sync
in order to be interested
in a trade. Now,
these two time frames could pretty much
consist of two different formats. You
either have the weekly and the daily
or you have the daily
and the 4 hour.
You either have both of these that are
bullish or you have both of these that
are bullish or both of these that are
bearish or both of these that are
bearish. If you were to have let's say
for example the weekly time frame that
is going to be let's say bullish and
then you have the daily time frame that
is going to be bearish and then you have
the 4hour time frame that is going to be
bullish that is not two consecutive time
frames in sync. You need to at least a
minimum have two time frames in sync
weekly and then daily or 4hour and then
daily. So you need to pick which ones
you're going to trade together because
that right there is what's going to let
you know that you are trading with the
trend. Now at this very moment you have
the weekly and the daily in your favor.
Meaning that you have the highest
possible time frames in your direction.
So it makes the most logical sense to
buy. Now I'm not saying that it's a good
time to buy right now. I'm just saying
that critique right there that we have
just done will remove 50% of the markets
out of our watch list every single week
because sometimes some markets just
aren't consecutively having two time
frames in sync. They aren't trending
together. They are, you know, one could
be bullish, the other can be bearish,
the other can just be the other. It just
doesn't even matter. They're not in
sync. What you want to do is you want to
create the base first by having two
consecutive time frames in sync for you
to be interested in the trade. For you
to be like, "Okay, cool. I have the
trend in my favor with two time frames.
All I have to do is either one, take the
risk by not waiting for the third or
wait for the third to go bullish and
then I trade with that time frame as
well." Now, at that point, all the stars
are aligning and it's literally telling
you to just continue buying. It makes
everything extremely easy and it is not
a high-risisk trade. Now, I get it
earlier. You might have seen me sell
this AUD JPY trade and I'll explain all
of that later into the future of this
video. That was a very high-risisk trade
that I was taking and that's why I also
took a very high risk trade on USDCHF
and I lost. But that's just me trading,
breaking the rules, and making mistakes
right now. But I'm going to explain to
you guys how to do things the right way
first. Before you learn how to become a
drifter or do a burnout in a car or even
switch lanes and and race, you first
need to understand how to drive a car,
how to properly drive in the roads, and
how a car even works. You can't think or
compare yourself to somebody that is a
professional street racer when you don't
even know what a transmission is, right?
So everything is baby steps, one step at
a time. So for top down analysis, the
main main main main main main main thing
is to just determine where the market
is. And right here you have pretty much
cornered the market, right? You have
locked the market in to essentially this
spot right here where it is right now.
So the market is very very very
big, right? And it could be very
intimidating when you look at it like
this because you see so much happening
to the left, so much happening up here,
so much happening down here. But what if
I told you that you no longer have to
look at any of this stuff? This is all
completely irrelevant. All you have to
focus on and look at is right here. This
is all you really have to look at
because this is your zone of where
you're trading in. You're trading within
the higher high and higher low. Traders
make a mistake and they're like, "Okay,
yeah, this market right here, sure it's
bullish, but then I'm going to make this
level down here. here. I'm going to make
this my support level, and then I'm
going to make this my support level, and
then I'm going to make this my
resistance level. It's like, all right,
uh Jeff, you understand that if the
market comes back into this support
level that you're claiming that it
should come back to, you understand that
the market is no longer going to be
bullish at that zone, right? You
understand that, right? You understand
that if the market makes it to this
support level that you claim the market
should have a reaction from, the market
will then be bearish because it's
breaking below the higher low, that is
going to be then the lower low. And then
if that is bearish, then there's an
extremely high chance that the daily
time frame is also going to be bearish
and so is the 4 hour. So at that point,
does it even make sense to buy?
Absolutely not. It's going to make more
sense to then sell. So that is the
beauty of the way that I trade. I
eliminate all of the noise from the
markets and all of the stuff to the left
that can just cause confusion. And I
basically let you dial in and focus on
just a very specific part in the chart.
And that's all you really have to do.
You really only have to focus yourself
inside of this zone right here. And I'm
going to educate you now how to focus on
this exact zone. Same exact thing goes
for the daily. Traders would come here
to the to the daily time frame, excuse
me, and then they would place this as a
support level.
places as a support level like yeah once
it gets here I'll then buy it and then
yeah and then I'll I'll I'll sell it
here. It's like bro you understand if
like it comes down here the daily will
be bearish and so will the weekly. Why
would you even buy at that point and no
longer make sense? So this top down
analysis not only does it let you
understand where the time frames are and
where the market is but it also lets you
focus on a specific zone in the chart.
We only need to look within this higher
highs and these higher lows. We don't
care what happened down here. We don't
care what happened up here. That is
completely irrelevant to what we have
going on right now. This is where we are
focusing on the charts right now. So top
down analysis and the way that it works
is all based off of market structure.
Market structure will lead us to
understand if something is bullish or if
something is bearish. Now, we're going
to be using the line chart back and
forth to determine that these structure
points are actually valid and valuable.
Now obviously we don't want to be
looking at the 4our structure where
we're in the daily just doesn't really
make sense. So you can either do one
thing you can you know double click this
line can click visibility and then it
just won't be available on the daily and
then you can click the 4 hour here click
on visibility and it won't be available
on the daily. Now here you can focus on
the higher time frame stuff. When you go
down to the 4 hour there, you're going
to get access to the 4our higher low,
lower high and lower low. Just a little
bit of a of a tricky secret trick that I
have sometimes when there's too many
things in front of the charts and I want
to clear things up, right? So, top down
analysis is done. Just going to write
this down. Top down analysis
is to determine if something is bullish
or bearish based off the trend time
frames.
Once we determine that something is
bullish or bearish,
we will then place the higher high,
higher low, lower high, and lower low on
the weekly, daily, and 4our to trap
price. So, this right here is the
stepby-step way. Do the top down
analysis to determine if something is
bullish or bearish based off of the
trend time frames. So we know that the
weekly, the daily, the 4 hour are the 10
the trend time frames. Once you
determine that something is bullish or
bearish, we place the higher high,
higher low, lower high, lower low,
whatever the case is on these three time
frames to trap price. Now that you have
determined that you these time frames
are like this, then you're going to go
to the next step. After you have done
your proper top analysis, next comes
area of interest slashs support and
resistance. slash not residence
resistance
slash supply and demand slashorder
block. All of this stuff right here is
the exact same thing. Area of interest
is a support and resistance. It's a
supply and demand zone and it's an order
block. So once you've done your top
analysis, which is what we've done right
now, next we move into support and
resistance and all of this stuff. So
let's get into that right now. Now,
before I I I show you how to do this on
the chart, I first need to tell you what
this is right here. What is support and
resistance? What is supply and demand
zone? What is an order block? What is a
all of this, right?
Very simple. Now, the market as as we
have already said in the past, it moves
based off of trend and structure points.
Now all of these structure points right
here leave a history or leave a trail in
the market and this trail in the market
tends to get respected time and time and
time again when we cross through these
areas. So a level of support or a level
of supply and demand is just simply an
area that the market has not only
reacted to it once but it could
potentially react to it again. So all of
these elbow points, all of these
structure points, they're leaving a
story, right? They're leaving something
in the past. And this in the past can
potentially repeat itself again. So all
of these structure points say a story.
Now, what if I told you that whenever
we're below it and it's done it in the
past, it could potentially do it again.
So if we just start off from this left
point right over here, and we get a
little little box, we get a little
trusty zone. we start going to the left.
As you can tell, when we are below, we
are also indeed rejecting it. And what a
coincidence that when we are above that
zone, we are also rejecting it. All
right, cool. Now price has broken below
this area. It came back and retested it.
What a coincidence that we also rejected
when we're below. Cool. Now, what a
coincidence. When we are above, we also
came and retested it. Wow. What a
coincidence. Exactly how we've done in
the past. Exactly how we've done in the
past right here as well. Okay, cool.
Keep going to the left and just for
examples purposes, we're going to modify
this this right here. Wow, what a
coincidence. Whenever we are below, we
are also rejecting it. So this right
here where you are seeing this blue box,
this right here is a supply and demand
zone. This right here is a support and
this right here is a resistance. This
right here is an order block. This right
here is an area of interest.
It is all the same [\h__\h] Supply and
demand zone, support and resistance,
order blocks, all of this is literally
the same [\h__\h] People have complicated
this over the last couple of years. I
don't know why, but it's all the same
thing. It's an area of interest. It's an
area where the trade where once the
market gets there, it's an area that you
are interested in because the market has
a reaction from it. Whenever we are
above, we use it as support. Whenever we
are below, we use it as resistance.
Support and resistance is extremely
simple.
Support is literally exactly what it
says. It is support. It is when price is
being held up from something. Right now,
if I were to push up from this table, I
am using this table as support to then
lift myself up. This right here is a
support area. Price is using this area
as a support area to lift itself up.
That is my support to then stand up from
this desk if I want to stand up. But
let's say I'm a [\h__\h] giant and let's
say I'm 10 feet tall. As soon as I stand
up from this table, I hit the top of
this screen right here that's going on.
Or if anything, I can also do it like
this, right? As soon as I stand up from
the table and I use this as the support,
I come up and then boom, I hit this top
of the screen. This is the resistance
level. This is what's going to then push
me back down. And then I'm going to try
and push off of support again. And then
I hit resistance, which is going to be
the ceiling of the screen. And then I
hit support. And then the top of the
screen is resistance. And then the
battle goes on. Right now, can this
resistance be used as support? And can
this support right here be used as
resistance? Absolutely. Right now, since
I am above the support level, I am
pushing price. I'm pushing myself up.
But if I were to get out of the way and
I were to get under my desk, I can use
this same uh uh no desk to push myself
down. So, I'm using the same support
area as then resistance to pull myself
down. Now, if I can somehow figure out a
way to get on top of this screen right
here and then I use myself as support, I
can then make this resistance level a
support level where then I'm going to
grab myself and then bring myself up.
That is exactly how price works. This
right here is the support level.
Whenever price is above it, it's using
it as support. Whenever price is at a
resistance, it's using it as resistance.
Can the resistance be turned into
support? Absolutely. We just have to
break it and then retest it. Can the
support, excuse me, can the supports be
used as resistance? Absolutely. We just
have to break it and then retest it.
That is it. Support and resistance can
both be used with each other. And they
could be used against each other. They
could be best friends. They need each
other to actually validate themselves.
If something is a very strong resistance
level, it could be a very strong support
level. If something is a very strong
support level, it could be very much a
very strong resistance level. They both
go with one another. If this is very
well respected when you're below it,
when price is above it, it should also
be very, very well respected. If this is
very well respected when above it, when
below it, it should also be very well
respected when below it. Now, this right
here is just basic support and
resistance. And that is what an area of
interest is built off of, right? So, as
you can tell right here, price used it
as resistance at this point. It used it
as support at this point, at resistance
at this point, at support at this point,
and at resistance at this point. This
right here is a perfect example once
again of an area of interest of a
support and resistance of a supply and
demand zone and an order block. It is
all the same [\h__\h] It is an area of
interest where whenever price approaches
this area, it has a reaction. Now, an
area of interest is only valid
is only valid once we have a minimum
of three touches.
A minimum of three touches. Now, these
three touches, this right here is a
touch of the area of interest. This
right here is a touch of the area of
interest. This right here is a touch of
the area of interest. a minimum of three
touches. It could be three resistance
touches. So, for example, let's say we
don't have this right here. And let's
say we don't have this right here. We
move this up. This right here is a valid
area of interest. We have one rejection
as resistance, two rejections as
resistance, and three rejections as
resistance. That right there is a valid
area of interest. Yes. Now, what if we
don't have this second touch as
resistance and we have this touch as
support? Well, this support right here
is a third touch. So, we have one
resistance, one support, and one
resistance. That is another valid area
of interest. Well, what if we don't have
any resistance and then it's all
support?
That is also a valid area of interest.
As long as we have a minimum of three
touches, it is a valid area of interest.
Area of interest is good for buys and
sells.
Is good for buys and sells. If you're
interested in buying and it only has
support, that's great. If you're
resistance to validate the area of
interest, that is great. It is all the
same thing. As long as you have a
minimum of three touches, this is now
going to be a valid area of interest. If
you're looking to buy and you only have
resistance, that is also a valid support
level. So, obviously, the more touches
you have, the better. Obviously, if you
have something that has been rejected 15
times, I would much rather be interested
in something that has been retested it
15 times rather than something to three.
Now, the area of interest,
the more touches,
the better
because it means that it has been
respected more in the past. Anything
less than three touches, it is no longer
a valid area of interest. It is not a
valid supply and demand zone. It is not
a valid order block. Could it be a
support level? Sure. Could it be a
resistance level? Sure. But it is not a
valid area of interest. An area of
interest is needed to enter a trade.
To enter a trade, you cannot enter a
trade if not at the area of interest.
Now, if you not if you don't understand
this right now, don't worry. All of this
will make sense in just a second. You
know, I don't expect you to get this
right off the bat. Like, I I've just
taught you what different trading
concepts are. On top of that, I just
showed you everything when it comes to
the candlestick charts. And now I'm
showing you area of interest. Like, this
to me,
this to me is crazy. Like, this took me
so long to understand. Like, this was
literally some [\h__\h] where it took me
forever just to get this right here.
It's just crazy. So area of interest is
needed in order for you to actually
enter the trade. You cannot enter a
trade if you're not at an area of
interest. So this right here is a valid
area of interest. Let me ask you a
question. Is this right here a valid
area of interest? Yes or no?
No. This right here simply only has one
touch. So this right here is not a valid
area of interest. Making this
not a valid area of interest. Cool. We
move on. What about this right here? Is
this, you know, we just do this for
examples purposes. Is this a valid area
of interest? Yes or no? Well, we have
one,
we have two,
and then we have three. Yes, this is a
valid area of interest. All right, cool.
Let's keep going.
Right? We're just finding something that
has three touches and we're going to
count it as our area of interest. But
this is not how we find our area of
interest. Is this right here a valid
area of interest? We have one
and none. Nothing to the left. So no,
not a valid area of interest. We keep
coming down. Boom. We run into this
zone. What do we have here? We have one.
We have two. And then we have three and
four. Is this a valid area of interest?
[\h__\h] yeah. It is very clean and obvious
that it has respected this area. Now
once again, what am I showing you based
this area of interest off of? I'm
showing you this off of structure. These
are the elbows. The elbows are based off
of the bodies of the candlesticks. At no
point are we including wicks here. Like
if I were to be doing this on the actual
line chart, for example, if we were just
to go here to the line chart, I'm doing
this area of interest to the elbows. If
you notice this right here, we have one,
two, three, four, five. I'm taking these
elbows into consideration. At no point
am I doing this area of interest to the
wicks or am I making the box big enough
to include the wicks. No, I'm doing this
to the structure points to the elbows.
Now, how big should the box be? How do
you do all that? Don't worry, I'm going
to get into all that in just a second. I
just wanted to really explain that and
make that very clear. We're obviously
doing it to the structure points. So,
you continue to do it on the structure
points, right? Let's just continue going
down. Let's find something that has a
minimum of three touches. Boom. We run
into this price right here. What do we
have? Can we arguably have three points
here? Sure. You know, just for argument
sake, we'll lower this in a little bit.
one, two, and three. That is also an
area of interest. Oh, that is also an
area of interest.
So, this right here is also an area of
interest. One second. This right here is
also an area of interest. And so is this
right here, an area of interest. All
right, let's just keep going down. Let's
find another example. And keep working
our way down. And boom. We also have
right here one, two, and then three,
one, two,
and then three. And then we keep going
and boom, three. And if we keep moving
this to the downside,
this right here, boom. Let's just call
this one, two, and then three. Right?
So, we'll call this one right here as
well. One, two, and three, and four,
right? Boom. So, right now, at this
point, you're probably looking at this
market and you're like, "Yo, what the
[\h__\h]
It was right in front of me the whole
time, but also this is like so much [\h__\h]
going on." Well, what if I told you that
technically in this market right here,
all of these are valid areas of
interest. Yes, because they have a
minimum of three touches, right? That is
the core foundation to have a valid area
of interest. Now, what if I told you
that there's only one of these areas of
interest that are actually applicable,
my [\h__\h] accent that are actually
editor, leave this in there. I have a
major accent, guys. So, if sometimes my
grammar or my my accent isn't the best,
I did not know English until like the
other day, right? I'm I'm kidding. I
learned it in in school, but Spanish is
my first language, right? So there's
only one area of interest inside of this
chart that is actually applicable
applyable whatever that is actually
appliable to this market. Only one area
of interest is appliable to this market.
Now which one do you think it is? Do you
think that it's going to be the first
one? Do you think that it's going to be
the second one? Do you think that it's
going to be the third one? the fourth,
the fifth, or the sixth. I'm going to go
ahead and give you guys a minute to just
think about it and determine which one
of these areas of interest is actually
applicable, applyable
to this chart. One of these areas of
interest stays. Every other area of
interest is completely invalid. So, go
ahead, pause this video and I'll give
you guys a second to do it.
Well, actually,
let me see how I explain this. Let's do
this.
How about now? Yes.
So, I kind of cheated there a little
bit. I'm not going to lie because I I
read the market structure incorrectly.
But at this point, right now, there's
technically only Let's do it like this.
If we were to do this market structure
like this, just for this example's
purposes, right? So, let's just get rid
of this first one. Just for this
example's purposes, there is only one
area of interest that is appliable to
this market right here, and that is
going to be area of interest number two.
Now, you might be wondering why. Well, I
I mixed it up a little bit, and for some
reason, my return tool isn't working,
but I'm literally trying to trying to
click that [\h__\h] but it's not working.
Um, it's because I read the market
structure wrong, but technically this
market was bearish. So technically this
was the lower high and this was the
lower low and technically multiple of
these areas of interest are valid but
just for this example I wanted to make
it bullish just so it can connect a
little bit more. So there's only one
area of interest in this market that is
actually valid and that's going to be
number two. So area of area of interest
number three is not valid, four is not
valid, five is not valid and six is not
valid. Now you may be asking why. Well
very simple. This right here is the
higher high.
This right here is the higher low. If
this is the higher high and this is the
higher low, you can only have an area of
interest within the higher high and the
higher low. Having an area of interest
below the higher low completely defeats
the purpose of having identified if it's
bullish or bearish. Because if the
market makes it to this area of
interest, we're then bearish and we're
no longer looking for buys. If this
market is bearish, we're going to be
looking for sells. Could it be an area
of interest for then for us to sell? Of
course, for sure. But we're not there.
We're very far from that. We're way up
here. And if we have all the indications
telling us to buy, why would we place an
area of interest to sell? We don't. So,
we get rid of the areas of interest that
are not valid and have absolutely no use
to our trade this area of interest. Once
again, below the higher low, it's not
valid. Not valid. and not valid. So now
we've taken all of this noise, all of
this area of interest, all of these
structure points and we have completely
removed them all and just focused on one
part of the chart on one area of
interest on one zone where the market
has a very high probability of having a
reaction from this area of interest. So,
I basically just answered a question
which I'm sure I would get and that is
how where do I place the area of
interest and how do I know it's a valid
one? Well, simply because you could only
place an area of interest within the
higher low and within the higher high.
So, if you guys were paying attention to
what I said earlier, you guys would have
known that I said we only look within
this zone to actually trade. So, we're
only going to place an area of interest
within this zone. So our area of
interest will only be inside of here.
How many areas of interest can we get?
Could be an infinite. You can get a
thousand, 500, a quantillion. Obviously
these are not real numbers. The most you
can actually really get will probably be
four and five. Could you get more? Sure.
But the less the better because you want
better quality zones rather than an
abundance. You want quality over
quantity when it comes to identify these
areas of interest. So an area of
interest is identified on something that
has a minimum of three touches. An area
of interest is good to buy or sell
whether you are above it or below it. As
long as we have three touches, the more
touches the better. And an area of
interest is needed because you need to
enter a trade at an area of interest.
You cannot enter a trade if it's not at
the area of interest. And you can only
only find an area of interest inside of
the higher high and higher low
or the lower high and the lower low. At
no other point can you find the area of
interest elsewhere. If you put an area
of interest up here, it's pretty much
[\h__\h] because dude, we're like like
the market hasn't even gotten there. And
if we're looking to buy, we can't buy at
a [\h__\h] resistance. Like, how does
that make sense? You're basically
betting that you're going to break
through a resistance. And that's not
logical. You want to buy at a support
level. You want price to be at a support
level and then it push itself off of it.
That is simply the logic when it comes
to trading. So when you buy, you need to
buy at a support level. When you sell,
you need to sell at a resistance level.
So you buy at support and then you sell
at resistance.
At no point do you break this rule right
here. This is probably the simplest
thing that I can write in this whole
entire class and it will probably be the
most valuable. I cannot stress to you
guys how many of you guys are buying at
resistance or selling at support. Like
how does that make sense? If the market
is going down, right, and the market is
going down and you are literally at a
support level right now where the market
has reacted to it three times from this
level. Why are you selling into this
level where literally historically what
it does from here is have a reaction.
Why are you buying from this level? Some
people just don't they don't they don't
know what to say. Some people just don't
have an answer. They're like, "Well, I
didn't know." Well, no [\h__\h] you to know
cuz you wouldn't be doing that. This is
like jumping into a twoft pool. Why the
[\h__\h] would you do that? Like you're
going to literally smash your face. Is
there a one in a thousand possibility
that you know you happen to break
through the pool and and break the
concrete and then go through the the
foundation. Yeah, if you're Superman or
some [\h__\h] But the odds of that
happening are very rare. Can it happen
in trading? Yes, of course. But I'm
talking about in real life, right? You
would never jump into a twoft pool. So,
you would never sell into a support
level. You sell at a resistance level.
Once price is at an area where it has
had more than three touches, this right
here is a valid resistance level. You
sell from a resistance to a support. You
buy at a support into a resistance. At
no point do you flip those tables
around. If the opportunity is not there,
you simply don't do it. Let's say you
really want to take the trade at this
resistance level right here. Please, by
all means, but you need to be above it.
Price cannot be below it. You need to be
above it. You need to be above this area
for you to really buy at this area. But
if you're below it, what confirmation do
you have that it's actually going to
react from it if it's yet to do it to
the past? It's never done it, so why
would it do it now? So when it comes to
area of interest placements, I need you
guys to understand that you are placing
in between
this higher high and this higher low.
And our job as traders, literally our
only job is to wait for this
retracement. So we know that this is
bullish. Our job is to wait for this
retracement to happen. And this
retracement can literally happen
anywhere, right? This can happen here
and have the push up. Here and have the
push up. Here and have the push up. This
anywhere in the chart. Now, we have a
higher probability of it having a
reaction from here than from here. Why?
Simply because if you look to the left,
this area has only been respected one
time. And this area here, this area here
has been respected four times, five
times. So, if the market makes it to
this area, the odds of it reacting are
going to be a lot higher than this one.
Can the market still have a reaction
from this level? Of course, and it will.
And then you won't be able to enter this
trade here. But with a proper strategy
and trading with a plan, you need to
take the trade where it simply makes
sense. And it will always make more
sense to take the trade here than to
take the trade here. So trading with
areas of interest or support and
resistance is literally getting you to
be able to pretty much predict precisely
where this retracement has the highest
probability to stop. Once it stops at
this area, then you start to apply extra
confirmations and then see if you're
interested in entering the trade. This
retracement is going to be a key
fundamental to your success in trading.
Whether you are patient enough for this
retracement to happen or not, that is
entirely up to you. I can't teach
patience. I can teach you what you need
to know in order for you to apply
patience, but patience is what's going
to either make or break you as a trader
when it comes to applying any type of
strategy. So, back to areas of interest.
Areas of interest are placed in between
the structure points. There is a
never-ending amount of areas of
interest, right? If if I were just to
let's just say just for examples
purposes, I'd bring this structure level
up here and I'd bring this structure
level up here just for examples
purposes. This right here would also be
a another area of interest. Why? Because
we have one,
two, and then three. So, this right here
is a valid area of interest. Now, price
is going to have a retracement. On this
retracement, we can potentially have a
push up or we can make it to this area
and potentially have a push up. That is
it. Our job as traders is to wait for
the market to make it into this area.
And when the market makes it into this
area, we apply our strategy to enter the
trade. That is it. You only buy at this
support. Now, let's say the market just
keeps going into this area, keeps having
a push down, keeps having a push down,
and from here it just does something
like this. It breaks below the area of
interest. Do you still buy it? No.
Because we did not respect the area of
interest because this market can now use
this as resistance. What did I just say
in this example over here? This example,
you cannot buy at a resistance. So yes,
even though we've had the retracements
and we've broken below price,
technically right now we are below this
resistance exactly how we've been here,
exactly how we've been here and exactly
how we've been here. So this is destined
to literally create a move like this.
Can there obviously be the events where
it from here does this? Of course. And
that will happen and that is inevitable.
But in order for you to enter this
trade, you want to wait for it to
actually break above this area and then
use it as support. You need for it to
actually come back and retest it as
support. How it has done here and how it
has done here. You need to use it when
price is above it, not when price is
below it. Once price has broken above it
and it comes back into it, that is when
you use it. Could you use it right as
soon as it breaks above it? Sure. But
to have the extra confirmations to
actually use it when it comes back into
it and uses it as support. I'll explain
all that later when we get to the
entries and how to actually start
applying a strategy. Right now, I'm just
teaching you what areas of interest it
is, what is support and resistance.
Like, this is all very basic standard
stuff. I haven't even taught you guys
anything of a strategy yet. The only
thing that I did teach you is how to
properly place this area of interest. So
many of these traders just place these
areas of interest randomly in front of
the market and they just place it
anywhere. They're literally just putting
zones throughout the whole entire chart
and calling everything a supply and
demand zone, an area of interest, so you
could just pretty much get bombarded by
this information and you buy into their
[\h__\h] because they make it seem like
you need them. They're trying to
manipulate you so they can get you to
make them feel like they have this
better understanding of the market and
that you need to learn from them and you
need to follow them and you need to No,
you don't have to do none of that [\h__\h]
Having an area of interest only makes
sense to have it within the higher high
and the higher low. Very [\h__\h] simple.
So, can it break below it and can it
have a reaction and move to the upside?
Sure. Now, this is where I would use
this support level. If it breaks below
it, I would not be buying below it. I
would only be using it if we break and
retest above it. But for this example,
let's just say that we did something
like this. Sure. Let's say we actually
had the move and we had the push to the
upside. Cool. Our area of interest is
validated. And guess what? What happens
now?
But we have a new higher high. And
where's the higher low? I don't know.
Get the head of the snake. Start working
our way back. Make the first turn. And
now that right there is going to now be
the higher low. All right, cool. If
that's the higher low, we got to start
cooking again. we got to start finding
the next potential area of interest
where this market is going to now have a
reaction from. So the way we find an
area of interest properly, right, is by
getting this box at the top of the zone.
And our job as traders is to start
working our way down all the way to that
higher low and find points where the
market could potentially have a reaction
from. So we start working our way down,
working our way down, working our way
down. Boom. We run into the first
resistance.
Is this a potential valid area of
interest? No, because it only has one
touch. Cool, cool, cool, cool. We keep
working our way down. Keep working our
way down. Keep working our way down.
Boom. We run into a second spot. Well,
you know what? This is actually pretty
close to this spot. And it's pretty
close to this spot. Let's see if we can
get a very tight small zone. Sure. We We
have one, two, and three. Three touches
makes a valid area of interest. So this
is the first potential area of where the
market could have a retracement to then
have a reaction to the upside. That's
just the first potential area. Right now
we have absolutely no idea from where
else. Bring out our trusty box. So we
already understand this is area of
interest one. Let's keep working our way
down.
We can boom. We run into this structure
point right here.
Can we add another structure point right
here? Sure. We have one, two. Is that a
valid area of interest?
No. Can we make a big zone like this and
we get one, two, three, four? Sure. But
the zones have a maximum and minimum
sizing of these zones. And I'm going to
get to the sizing of these zones once we
actually get to the charts. But the max
a zone could be is going to be six,
excuse me, is going to be 60 pips. Max a
zone could be
is 60 pips.
Anything bigger than 60 pips, it will no
longer be a valid area of interest. So
the max a area of interest could be is
60 pips. So we're going to add this as
another side note over here. Alex, how
do you measure the pips? I already
taught you this. You use this tool over
here to the left hand side. Start from
the bottom, work your way up to the top,
and what do you have here? This zone is
now going to be 70 pips, making this too
big of a zone. The biggest an area of
interest could be is a total of 60 pips.
This zone right here is 70 pips, making
it no longer valid. We start off from
this zone to right here. You can tell
this is 28 pips. That is perfect. That
is half of the maximum a zone could be.
Now, could you have something smaller?
Yes. I'd say the smallest a zone could
be. So, the max it could be is 60. And
then the minimum it could be is five
pips. You never really go that small,
but just in case if you do for people
that ask that question, a minimum of
five pips. So, this zone right here, as
you can tell, it cannot be used as a
valid area of interest. one because this
one right here doesn't have a minimum of
three touches. And then that one right
there is more than 60 pips. Right? So,
we start working our way down. Working
our way down. Working our way down. And
boom. What do we run into? One,
two,
and then three. What do we have here? A
valid area of interest. Now, we can make
this one very tight. As you can tell,
this one respects it very, very, very
strong. So, we can make this one five
pips like this. Or we can make it the
actual max length, which right here
would be 62 pips. Let's just call it 60
pips for this example's purposes for us
to then have a fourth structure point.
Could we do that? Sure. But personally,
myself, I would much rather have this
zone be as tight as it possibly could
be. I wouldn't want to stretch it out to
have more touches. I would rather make
it just be tight. The tighter the better
and the more respected it's going to be.
So here we have one, two, three, and
four. That right there is a valid area
of interest. Now I know a lot of people
in the past have asked me when I do
classes and when I educate people, can
we consider the actual higher low a area
of interest? Of course. If the higher
low happens to have three touches, sure.
So for examples purposes, this one has
one, none, and none. And no, we cannot
go below the higher low to add touches
to the area of interest because if we go
below the higher low, guess what
happens? We are then bearish, making
this no longer a valid area of interest.
So now this market right here, we've
just done the top down analysis. We've
determined that this market is bullish.
And now we've found two areas of
interest. This right here is going to be
daily area of interest number one. And
then this right here is going to be
daily area of interest number two. So
these are two areas of interest where
the market could have a retracement into
this level. And after having the
retracement into this level, it could
potentially have a reaction. Now again
the the big important thing is
potentially uh one of these areas of
interest could do it or none of them
this area of interest right here area of
interest number one is not stronger than
area of interest number two area of
interest number two is not stronger than
area of interest number one quote
unquote obviously if it has more touches
it's supposed to be stronger but that
doesn't mean that I would prefer to
enter the trade at area of interest
number two rather than area of interest
number one they're both equally as much
respected to me personally. And the only
reason I the only time I take into
account how many touches is inside of
the area of interest is when it comes to
the entry signal and I'll be explaining
that later inside of the actual entry
signal area. But for right now, to make
a valid area of interest and to wait for
the market to have a retracement, this
is all I need. I need my areas of
interest and area of interest one is
equally as strong as area of interest 2.
I would never pick one over the other.
Even if this one has a 100 touches and
this one only has three, the market can
have the reaction from both or from
none. The market can simply have a
reaction to right here in the middle and
then have a push to the upside. And a
lot of students ask me all the time,
they're like, "Alex, what happens if the
market does that? What happens if it
actually has a retracement either in the
middle and it doesn't hit any of your
areas of interest or right above your
area of interest and it never hits it
and then it has a move to the upside?
What do you do then?"
The answer is nothing. You don't do
[\h__\h] That wasn't your trade. That never
met your strategy. You move on to the
next [\h__\h] pair. Why are you trying to
figure out to make something work when
you already have something that works?
You just have to wait for it to happen.
Why are you trying to make everything
work when all you have to do is wait for
one thing to work? Don't try and catch
every move. I don't I don't try and
catch every move. You know how many
moves I miss a week and I still predict
the overall trend, but they never come
to my zone. So, I never take the trade.
I just say two to three moves every
single week. Hundreds of pips. Hundreds
of thousands of dollars. But I also
avoid hundreds of pips. And I also avoid
losing hundreds of thousands of dollars
by sticking to my plan. It's never worth
breaking my plan just to try and catch a
move and prove a point because I know
how to trade or I know how to identify
the trend. Waiting for the trade to
these areas of interest is going to be
the key thing. So now let's say for
example, this market actually does this,
right? This market has a push to the
upside. This is the higher low. This is
the new higher high. Make this a new
higher high. This will be the higher
low. Obviously, this area of interest is
no longer valid because if price gets to
there, we will then be bearish. And this
obviously this area of interest is no
longer valid. Now, on the daily time
frame, if I were just to place this area
of interest, start working our way down.
Boom. We run into this structure level
here. And then, guess what? That's it.
There's no three touches here. There is
no three touches here. There's barely
two touches here. Can there be a
scenario where there is no area of
interest? Of course, this is 100% a
possibility. Does it happen? Very rarely
does it happen. But if it does, there's
just simply no area of interest. You
just simply go down to the next time
frame or go up to the next time frame
and wait for an area of interest at that
point. Right now, I'm just teaching you
what an area of interest is and how you
can identify it. There's 110 million
different what if possibilities and one
of them is this. And if that happens,
well then that happens. Now let's say
this market, for example, just does
All right, cool. Now what? We're
bearish. This is the lower low. Where's
the lower high? Right up at this point
right here. If this is the lower high
and this is the lower low, guess what?
We're now going to get our area of
interest in between like this. And then
we're going to do the exact same thing.
just now working our way up because our
job is to predict this pullback and on
this pullback for us to then potentially
take this out. Now, where does this
pullback stop? Well, it's the same
thing. We start working our way up.
Boom. We run into this area right here.
We have one, two,
and nothing else. Oh, I lied. We look a
little bit more left and bang. Cool.
Let's call it right there. We have one,
two, and three. That right there, ladies
and gentlemen, is a valid area of
interest. That right there is indeed
considered an area of interest. Area of
interest number one. One, two, and
three. Cool. We have the first area of
interest. We just simply go ahead and
start from this point right here and
keep going back. We have one, none,
none, and none. No area of interest. We
keep working our way up. Boom. We run
into this right here. One, two, and
three. So, we already had this area of
interest in the past. Very clean, very
obvious. We keep working from this point
right here. We keep working our way up.
Bam. Boom. Guess what we run into here?
One, two, and three. And I'm sure we can
squeeze this one in here for four. One,
two, three, four. And then if we keep
working our way from the top, from this
right here, keep working our way from
all the way right here, we run into that
point. There's only one structure point
there. And then there is another one
like this. How many pips is this? This
is a total of 52 pips. So technically on
this lower low leg there is one, two,
three and four areas of interest that
the market can potentially have a
reaction from. The market can have a
pullback to either here and have a
reaction here and have a reaction here
and have a reaction or here and have a
reaction. Once again, is this something
that can often happen that you would
have four areas of interest? Yes. But
our job as traders is just to wait for
the market to get to every single one of
these or whichever one of these it gets
to and then us apply the strategy to it.
I can say based off of my experience
that if I were to have four areas of
interest, my strategy would probably
have a full check off checklist at maybe
one or two of these areas of interest.
Now, not because the area of interest
isn't valid. It's just because the
market isn't going to react to every
single one of these. It's probably going
to break right through this one and then
maybe here it'll have a little bit of a
reaction, but then I don't get the
proper entry signal that I need. And
then it'll actually make it to this area
right here. And then here is where I
then get my entry signal and then I
actually take the trade. If I miss this
trade at this area, can then I enter the
trade if it breaks below this area of
interest to then sell? Sure. Yes, you
could do this. These are all different
possible potential scenarios and
hypotheticals of things that can happen.
But our job is to wait for this
retracement. So once we get this, we can
then sell. So this is just a very simple
example of a sell markets. Same exact
thing. This is now the new lower low.
For example, this is now the new lower
high. We could invalidate this area of
interest. We could invalidate this area
of interest. This area of interest could
stay because it's still within the lower
high and the lower low. We just do the
exact same thing. We start working from
the bottom right into this point right
here. We can find one, two, three, and
let's just call this one four. Don't
worry, I do this very fast because I
think I've been doing this for longer
than I can remember. But here we have
one, two, three with this point right
here, four, five, and six. So, let's
just say we have two areas of interest
in this market. Same exact thing. We're
waiting for a pull back into here to
then sell or a pullback here into then
sell. That right there, ladies and
gentlemen, is how area of interest
works. How you can spot it in the middle
of the market and how you use it with
market structure. Now,
we go do this in the real market in real
time.
It is no different ladies and gentlemen.
If we come here to the weekly time
frame, we can only place a weekly area
of interest within this higher high and
within this higher low. Now, same exact
principle applies as to the trend. For
you to identify the area of interest is
going to be the exact same thing. So,
here we're going to do weekly and area
of interest. Daily and area of interest,
4hour, there's going to be no area of
interest. So, we only look for an area
of interest on the weekly and on the
daily. But we use these three time
frames to identify the trend. But we
only find an area of interest on the
weekly and the daily. Now, some of you
guys may be asking, why are we going to
weekly and the daily? Well, the truth is
that the market is going to be respected
so much more from the higher time frames
compared to the lower time frames. In
the 4hour time frame, I have found that
I can have 10 areas of interest. And I
don't want 10 areas of interest. I want
maybe one, maybe two, max three. I don't
want more than three areas of the market
could potentially have a reaction from.
And I always want to trade with the
higher time frames. Not because I'm a
swing trader. I don't want you guys to
get that confused. It's because I like
to trade with the higher time frames
backing my trade. I want the weekly and
the daily trend to be in my favor so it
can push my trade in that direction. I
want to buy or sell the market at a
daily or weekly area of interest. So
that support level is being pushed by
the higher time frame. I want to buy at
a daily support because that's what's
going to give me that daily push to the
upside. I don't want to do it off of a 4
hour. A 4 hour area of interest could
break and retest it 10 times within the
same day. On the daily, it'll take much
longer just simply because the
candlesticks take much more to move. So
they get respected a lot more. So in
order for me to find an area of interest
on the weekly, I have to go back max
five to six years, the exact same time
it takes me to identify the trend. And I
only have an area of interest in between
the weekly and the daily. No area of
interest on the 4 hour. So if I were to
get this area of interest and I were
just to drag it left, I don't really
have to go further back than let's say
two years. But for example, right now on
the weekly time frame, we understand
that that is the weekly higher high.
That is the weekly higher low. And what
we could start doing is working our way
down. If we start working our way down,
what do we run into? If we don't have a
clear vision, we can go to the market
structure. And in the market structure,
what do we have? For example, right
here,
we have one, two, and three. Can that be
a valid area of interest? Sure. Can we
make this a very tight area of interest
like this? We have one. We have to
include this one right here for it to be
a valid one. One, two, and three.
Technically, four if we include this as
well. So, we can probably move it up
just a little bit. And nothing else to
the right. Now, let's see how that looks
like on the daily with the candlesticks.
Very clean on the daily. Very clean
elbow here. Very clean elbow here. And
very clean elbow here. This one is not
so clean on the candlestick chart, but
we still indeed have three very valid
elbows including the candlesticks. So
maybe on the line chart you can have 10
structure points but when you go verify
this on the actual candlestick chart you
maybe only have five. So you always want
to use the line chart to make it a
obvious area of interest. After you make
it an obvious area of interest, right?
So we would also have counted this right
here. So that's an obvious elbow
rejection from this area of interest. We
then go to the daily to confirm that
it's a real rejection or a valid elbow.
And then there we would actually remove
it and be like okay it's not as clean
for example as this one or this one or
this one. These are more obvious
reversal points. So even then this is
still a valid area of interest. So this
right here would be a weekly
area of interest. We keep going from
this point down right here and uh keep
working our way down. So we go back to
the line chart. Switch to the line
chart. And on this line chart, we're
going to now identify the next potential
area of interest. Start working our way
down. Working our way down. And boom, we
run into this right here. We have one,
two, three, four, five rejections from
this area. All right, cool. Can make
this a very tight zone. Also, by the
way, we have to measure this zone. I
forgot it. So, we measure this zone. We
have a total of 54 pips. So yes, this is
a valid area of interest as long as it's
below 60. Cool. This area right here, we
have one, we have two, we have three, we
have four,
five, and then six. Let's go check out
the candlesticks to confirm that that
[\h__\h] is legit. This one's okay. So, we
have one. This one's okay. We have two
for sure. three, four, and five for
sure. Okay, so we can technically remove
this one. I like this elbow. I like this
elbow. I like this. I like this. And I
like this. Very clean break, retest,
sell, rejection, sell. Cool. So that's
area of interest, too. Not bad. So we
have a weekly second area of interest.
Next, we're going to continue going
down. We're going to go all the way
until we make it to the higher low. We
stop at the higher low every single time
or we stop at the lower high if we're
looking for sells. Right? So now we
continue going to the downside and we
then run into boom this structure point
right here we have one two three four
and five. All right. Cool. Right here we
also have one two three four and five.
So if we were to once again get our
trusty circle
and do this right here. And I've never
seen anybody do this. how I'm walking it
with it. Like you guys right now,
everybody tries just to speed through
this stuff. Like I really want to
generally take my time so you guys can
learn from this because I'm telling you,
I searched the internet for [\h__\h]
months to understand this. Like you guys
have no idea.
We go back to the candlestick chart.
This is a clear rejection. This is a
clear rejection. Very clear. Very clear.
And not so clear. I would not count that
as a structure point. I would count this
one. I would count this one. Yes. And
yes. Even then that is more than three
that makes that a valid area of
interest. Now this right here
technically are the three weekly areas
of interest. This is weekly area of
interest number one, weekly area of
interest number two and weekly area of
interest number three. That right there
as you can tell ladies and gentlemen is
a very clear indication that these are
the potential areas where the weekly
time frame could have a retracement to
buy, retracement to buy and then
retracement to buy. Now, what we would
do is we would go down to then the daily
time frame, right? And on the daily time
frame, we're going to do the exact same
thing, but for the daily higher low and
for the daily higher high. So, we're
going to have this blue on blue box be
the weekly area of interest and this
blue on blue box be the weekly area of
interest. This is also the weekly area
of interest. But for the daily area of
interest, we're going to have a red
outline, right? So, we're going to get
this box right here and we're going to
make the outline of this box. We're
going to make it red. So, we can start
off once again at the high of this
market. And we can just basically start
working our way down. Start working our
way down. We're basically going to run
into this structure area right here.
Resistance, support, support, and we can
look more left. We're going to see more
structure points coming up to the left
hand side over here. In just a second,
we're going to see more structure
points. And the goal for us to do here
is just to try and minimize as much
noise as possible and focus on as many
things as just focus on like the the
clear market structure points. And right
here, as you can tell, we can have here
one structure point up here. Two, go a
little bit more to the left. And then we
can also focus on one, two, three, four,
five, six, seven. Right? So we have more
than three for sure. Let's look at it on
the candlestick chart. So right here as
you can tell we have one two three four
five six seven eight nine at that point
right there we got 10. So obviously
there is also a valid daily area of
interest right in here. Now if you can
tell what a coincidence that that daily
area of interest also happens to be the
weekly area of interest. Right? So just
putting that on to the side and that's
going to be important later on. Right?
But for now let's just let's keep going.
Right? Let's focus on from this high
point up here, working our way down from
this point right here. And then boom, we
run into this next structure points that
we have right here. Obviously, for just
the simplicity of the video, I've
skipped this structure point. Then I've
gone to the more obvious one. Can there
be more structure points at this area
right here that I have just identified
over here? And I go more to the left.
Sure, I'm sure we can find some
structure points there. You can find
three touches anywhere, but our goal is
to find the three closest touches to
where price is right now and the most
relevant. If you have to go back far
left, you could. No problem. But you
want to get the most strongest and most
relevant points. Now, if you notice
right here on the daily time frame, what
do we have right here? Well, 1 2 3 4 5.
How does this look like on the
candlestick chart? Perfect. 1 2 3 4 5.
We have another area of interest. And
what a coincidence, we can also align
that with our daily higher low. Well,
would you look at that? We have weekly
area of interest number two happens to
also line up with our daily area of
interest number two. So now this right
here is pretty much a perfect
coincidence, right? I wish I would have
known this before I even started this
analysis. So, it would have been easier
if it wasn't, but it would have been
easier because I could have separated
the areas of interest and stuff like
that. But this right here shows you how
areas of interest from the weekly and
the daily happen to align for this
example right here. We're going to go
through all those examples where they
don't. So, for now, we're just going to
remove this weekly area of interest, the
third one, because there's so much that
price has to come back through and
actually be able to break before getting
there. So, now we go back to the weekly
time frame. This is what it looks like.
This weekly area of interest happens to
also be a daily area of interest. This
weekly area of interest happens to also
be this daily area of interest. So what
do I like to do in a scenario like this
when we have two overlapping areas of
interest. What I like to do is to
combine them as much as I can. I like to
find the happy medium. I try and see if
I can make this area of interest right
here on the daily somewhat fit in the
middle of this weekly area of interest.
And if it could still have more than
three touches to fit inside of this area
of interest, then I would just minimize
throughout the top. So, as you can tell
here, I moved it down a little bit and I
have more taps here, more taps here,
more tabs here, more tabs here. And what
I try and do is just make this as tight
as possible. So, 60 pips is the biggest,
but the sweet spot is around 20 to 35
pips. Now, this daily area of interest
is right at that 25 pip mark. And I'm
sure that I can squeeze this weekly area
of interest to this structure point and
then squeeze it right into that daily
structure point as well. So, if we go
out to the weekly, let's see if we have
a minimum of three touches with that
right there. As you can tell, indeed, we
somewhat still do. I would have to move
the weekly a little bit higher for us to
actually get that right there for us to
get that right there. And then, in order
for us to also count that structure
point right there. So, right there, we
are counting that structure point and
that structure point, what I can do here
as well is move the daily time frame up
along with that weekly. And then, boom.
Right there we have a perfect daily area
of interest that aligns with a weekly
area of interest. This is a beautiful
sweet spot. This right here lets me know
that if price retraces to this area,
which is where we are right now, not
only are are we at a daily and weekly
area of interest, but they're both
overlapping. And if it just doesn't get
respected here, then it has a higher
probability of coming to this area and
then basically respecting and having a
reaction from that point right there.
This right here is beautiful. I love to
see this. I love having both of these
confirmations because this just lets me
know that these time frames are actually
in sync. The weekly and daily are in
sync. Areas of interest in sync. All
overall, it makes sense to actually
enter this trade as a buy rather than a
sell. Because at the end of the day,
that's all we're trying to do. We're
trying to make this trade make more
sense that it's going to go to the
upside and to the downside. So, right
now, this is very, very, very simple,
over-the-top top down analysis. Now
again, if this looks a little bit
confusing, you know, you don't have to
leave these lines up here. You can you
can move them if you want. I like
leaving them sometimes because it just
gives me an overall idea of where the
market is. And it lets me know that I
should only be focusing inside of this
zone right here. And it lets me know
that all I have to do as a trader right
now is wait for price to actually have a
retracement into this zone for the
market to have a reaction from there or
let the price come into this zone and
then let the market have a reaction from
there. This right here is what 99% of
traders cannot do. Right? Traders cannot
identify trend. Traders cannot identify
market structure. They can't even tell
where to properly put an area of
interest or where even the market is.
Now, we can very clearly tell if we were
just going to look at this market based
off of market structure. So, if I were
just to look at this for the structure
of the market, which is what we should
always look at it, but on the
candlestick chart rather than the line
chart. If we were to look at it just on
the candlestick chart, just so you guys
get a visual, if you look at this
without any of the drawings, what does
this look like? If I were just to focus
on this move right here, this looks like
a perfect break, then a retest to this
structure point and then a push to the
upside. What a coincidence that
structure point happens to be the weekly
area of interest and also the daily area
of interest and also at that daily
higher low. If I were to pick an area of
interest, if I were to pick one over the
other, I would for sure pick this one
just because it's more of a textbook
trade. When you see a textbook move, you
see something like this. Comes back to
this structure point. Then it just
continues to go up. If you ask me, that
is exactly what this is right here. That
is the previous structure point. That is
the break. And now we are on the way to
retest that to potentially have this
move to the upside. So that right there
is just basic market structure. I have
taught you guys what is top down
analysis, how to use these time frames
in sync to determine if something is
bullish or bearish, and how to place a
proper area of interest. All of this is
quote unquote still very beginner stuff
but also getting into a bit intermediate
just simply because
all you need now is just practice. Go
out there and go practice this because
that is going to be the crucial part of
you to actually perfect it and see it as
effectively and as quick as I do. But to
this right here, what I am showing you
guys, this took me a year to understand,
a year to really like get it and like
put it into practice. ICS took me such a
long time and so many wasted hours of
just placing market structure
incorrectly putting areas of interest in
areas where it didn't even make sense.
Just so much wasted time which obviously
led to waste of money that you guys
can't even fathom. Like I'm making all
of this in one video. But I also don't
want to overload you on information that
it's just me repeating myself and I want
to make sure that you get the point
perfect and then you can go on and go
practice it. Right? So right now that is
top down analysis. That is how it is. it
has worked. We do a top down analysis
from the weekly to the daily to the 4
hour to determine if something is
bullish or if something is bearish. Once
we determine that we have two
consecutive time frames in sync how we
have here for the weekly time frame
where this would be the higher high and
this would be the higher low. We then go
ahead to the daily time frame. We
identify the higher high and then we
identify the higher low. We then just do
it on the 4 hour just to see if we have
that added time frame. Then we place our
areas of interest within these higher
highs and higher lows. And then we can
tell that we're only looking at this
right here in the market. And we're
waiting for the market to come back,
retest this zone, apply the strategy
here. If we don't get it, then we wait
for the strategy to get applied here.
Now, once again, if the market for some
reason somehow breaks below this area of
interest, could we then have a reaction
from the middle of this area? Do we buy
in the middle? No. Do we buy at the
bottom? No. We have to wait for the
break of it, come back, retest it, and
then you have the trade to the upside.
This right here would be the perfect
trade setup. As long as we are above the
support level, we either take the trade
fully at this area of interest or above
this area of interest or above this area
of interest. There's no if ends or buts
about that. You need to buy at a support
and you need to sell at a resistance.
Now, for a sell, pretty much just the
complete opposite. You can literally
just flip the chart. You right click
this section in Trading View and then
you click invert scale. And then it's
pretty much the same exact thing. You
have the bearish move. You have to wait
for it to come back to retest this
structure point to then sell. Or you
would have to wait for price to then
come back and then retest this structure
point over here to then sell. Either one
are equally as strong and each one of
them are equally as valid. You just have
to wait for the strategy to be aligned
at that point.
So with that being said, let's move on
to our next point which is going to be
kind of handinhand with what we are
talking about with right now and it's
probably going to be one of the most
common things you've heard if you've
heard anything about trading and
probably one of the main things that I
personally use on a daily basis and it's
going to go handinhand with everything
that we're talking about right here and
that is going to be break of structure
slash break and retest. test
slashtouch
slash
shift of structure.
All of this right here
is almost the same thing. This one right
here is the only one that is different
to every single one of these. Break of
structure, chach, and shift of structure
are all the same [\h__\h] So, let's start
off with break of structure. Right? This
market right here is clearly
bullish, right? We know that already. We
know that this is the higher high and we
know that this is the higher low. Cool.
What happens if this does this?
Well, [\h__\h] [\h__\h] We just broke the
structure. We broke the higher low. We
shifted the structure. We ch What the
[\h__\h] is chach? I don't know. All these
fugazi traders came up with this [\h__\h]
Chach is equal to change of character.
This is what chach means. Change of
character. Change of character. It they
were identifying this that the character
or the what it identifies as was
bullish. Now it has changed that
identity to now bearish. Same [\h__\h]
[\h__\h] as shift of structure. Same [\h__\h]
[\h__\h] as break of structure. That [\h__\h]
pisses me off how they put all these
different names to all these same exact
[\h__\h] They just [\h__\h] complicate
everything. Change of character is when
the market shifts. When you changes from
bullish to bearish. Simple. Break of
structure is when this was the previous
structure and we break it. Shift of
structure is when this structure shifts
from bullish to bearish. Easy. Change of
character is when you change identity
from being bullish to then being
bearish. Simple. Now what is break and
you guys already know this I have pretty
much have been doing this for the last
two hours right doing shift to structure
doing breaks of structure now what is a
break and retest now this one is uh
probably the the easiest one to explain
so let's say price is currently being
held up at a resistance level how we
were previously right or how we were
doing for these examples right so this
right here is a valid level of
resistance so the resistance is clearly
trapped within this spot right here and
we know we cannot actually enter the
trade at this resistance. What would we
need for the market to do? We would need
for the market to break above this area
and come back into this area to then
actually buy. We need to buy above it.
Well, this right here is called break
and retest. And break and retest is
exactly what it says like the name of
it. It's a [\h__\h] break and retest. It
is extremely easy. It is extremely
self-explanatory. All you do is wait for
the break
and the retest for you to take the trade
to the upside. That is it. It is really
that simple. Break and retest are very
crucial for you to take. Whether it be
on a area of interest, whether it be at
a resistance used as support, at a
support used as resistance. You can only
take the trade once you've had the break
and then the retest. I get thousands of
messages throughout the weeks of asking,
"Hey, Alex, can I enter the trade at the
break at the high?" Yes, you could. You
could enter the trade at the break. Just
understand, you cannot add that as a
break and retest confluence. And we're
going to get into confluences later into
this video, but you understand that it's
just a break. It's not a retest. A
retest is when something comes back, it
retests it. it uses it as support and
then you can be interested in buying the
trade to the upside because that's where
you anticipate for this trade to
actually have the move to the upside.
Could you count something as a breakout
and add it as a confluence as a
breakout? Sure. But it's always a 50/50
chance if it's going to come back and
retest this point. Now, if it comes back
and retests this point, it is once again
another 50/50 chance that it's going to
actually have the reaction from it
because it could have just done this
right here. And this is a fake out. This
is a liquidity grab and then guess what?
It continued back into this area and
then price stays ranging in the zone or
just rejecting this resistance.
Personally myself, I
rarely I'd say 30% of the time I get a
breakout. I enter at the breakout. Now,
the breakout, as you can tell, I'm doing
everything based off of market
structure. The breakout is based off of
the candlestick of the market. It's not
based off of the wick. It's not based
off of the the tail, the do. It's all
based off of the actual body candlestick
closing above this zone. So, this zone
is at these structure points. It's at
these bodies. And right now, we have a
body that has actually closed above this
area. That right there is a confirmed
break. Now I sometimes enter on that
break. Just depends the momentum where I
am in the week as a trader as a whole.
Where's my mindset? How much I'm
risking? How many confluences I have?
But the correct thing to do is to wait
for the retest. Now in the retest, you
want to wait for the body to retest this
area and then you get some wick
rejections. And those wick rejections is
one of your entry confirmations to enter
the trade. So can you enter the trade on
the body closure above this area? Sure,
but you can only enter properly on the
retest and then you need proper body
rejections on that retest. Perfect
example could literally be this right
here. As you can tell, this is a very
valid level of resistance. As you can
tell here, this is resistance,
resistance, resistance, very valid
resistance and area of interest. As you
can tell, this right here, these are all
wicks. This is not market structure.
This is all that price once upon a time
at one point was a full blue candle,
full green candle, full strong candle up
here. But guess what? It was never
strong enough and it always closed
below. So that right there makes that a
non-confirmation of a break above that
area. If we go look at this on the
actual market structure, which is based
off of the line chart, as you can tell,
market structure never broke above that.
But the one time that it did break above
that, guess what happened? Price came
back and then we retested it. We body
candlestick closed above with this very
very strong candle. Then we got a retest
and then we bought. Could you have
entered at the breakout? Yes. Would you
have much been better off entering at
the retest? Yes. But these break and
retest examples are literally everywhere
in the market. I can just simply go to
the left and I can almost guarantee you
I can find another one of these in just
a simple like in any possible scenario
in any possible time frame you can find
these examples right here. Perfect
example could be this. This right here
is technically a resistance level.
Resistance level has three touches. If
we look at this on the actual market
structure time frame you can see how
this market structure has more than one
two and then three. We confirm it with
the actual body candlesticks. And yes,
we notice here this never body
candlestick closed above. Never body
candlestick closed above. And guess
what? Body candlestick closed above.
Let's say in this scenario, we were
waiting for the retest. Guess what
happened? We never retested it. We
missed the trade. It is what it is. It
happens. Sometimes I enter the trade at
the breakout. Sometimes I enter the
trade on the retest. Perfect example
could be this right here. We have
resistance. Resistance, right? I could
just move this resistance a bit more up.
And on this resistance right here, you
can tell we have resistance, resistance,
resistance, resistance, body candlestick
close above, retested right there with
that wick on the daily time frame. I
know if we go to the 4hour time frame,
it's a much cleaner retest. Beautiful
push to the upside. This happens in
sells equally as the amount of times
many times as well. It also has fake
outs and fake trades that actually never
actually end up having the move. But
there's other times where it also gets
very much respected. But this right here
of a break and retest is the most
textbook example that I can possibly
give right here. This is a resistance
level and it's just one structure point.
Not as strong as if we were to have
three, but as you can tell right here,
we have broken this area. We retested
this area. Then we headed to the upside.
Very, very simple. A break and retest is
just whenever we break an area and then
we retest it and then we head to the
downside. Examples like these I can show
you literally never ending. Perfect
example is right here. This is a very
strong resistance level. We broke this
area and then we came back and then we
retested. We sold off. Another example
that we could have is for example right
here. This is an area where I actually
took this loss on this trade right here.
this area right here. We actually had
this support, this support. We got this
break and then I waited for the retest
and I just jumped off on the retest and
guess what? I took the loss. It is what
it is. It's okay. It happens. It's part
of the process. As you can tell right
here, this is a very strong level of
resistance. And this right here was the
resistance structure, structure,
structure, structure. We can go to the
line chart to go ahead and confirm that.
And once we look at that here on the
market structure chart, we can see that
this was creating structure points. I
don't know why. There it is. So we have
one, two, three, four, and five. Very
clean and obvious area of interest. I
would not count that one because the
candlestick isn't that clean. One, two,
and three, and four, and five. We break
this area. We retest it. We head to the
upside. Break and retest happens every
single day on every single possible
market that you could imagine. This is
probably one of the most textbook things
that happen in the market. And
personally, it's one of my favorite
continuation patterns. So, a break and
retest is a continuation pattern that
happens once you are looking to either
go with the trend or get out of it. But
a break and retest is a trade
continuation pattern because this is
breaking out of this area and it's
continuing in that direction. This right
here, as you can tell, this was bullish
in this example. It broke above, created
the new higher high. It retested it.
Trade continuation pattern. Again, I can
show many more examples of it reversing
and then just going in the complete
opposite direction. But break and retest
is a trade continuation pattern with the
market that it's going to be break and
retesting for. Now breakout works the
same exact way. So I call breakout the
little brother of break and retest. So
we have breakouts and that's the example
that I was giving. Once we actually have
the breakout of the area, you can enter
the trade once it breaks out without the
retest. I first like building the
foundation on break and retest because
personally myself, I want to trade with
as many possible confluences that I can
and having that extra retest is going to
be that extra confirmation. At no point
do I want to have overexposure in the
markets just because I want to enter a
trade. I always want to be as less
exposed as I possibly can. So that's why
I always create the base off of the
retest. And if sometimes I get the
breakout, sure, I could decide if I want
to enter the trade at that time, but I'm
going to make sure that I have in my
mind that I need the retest in order for
me to actually enter the trade. But
break and retest is the exact same
thing. You either enter at the breakout
once it breaks out with the body
candlestick closing above or you can
then wait for the retest. Sometimes you
might miss out on some trades. Sometimes
you might avoid some losses. But break
and retest. Breakout is the most
textbook trade continuation pattern
known to exist. So now at this point you
understand the law, right? You
understand the different types of
markets that you could be trading. You
probably know how to understand top
analysis and see if something is bullish
or bearish. you know on what sections of
the market to actually focus on because
the market is huge. There could be a lot
of noise either at the top or the bottom
or at the middle or and you simply don't
know where to actually go and find the
proper area for you to go ahead and
execute the trade. So now you know the
difference between actually finding the
top or the bottom of the market, knowing
where the market is, and most
importantly being able to place that
area of interest, and how an area of
interest could be combined with the
weekly and the daily, and that you only
need an area of interest on the weekly,
and you only need an area of interest on
the daily. You don't need an area of
interest on the 4 hour, the 2 hour, and
the 1 hour, the 30 minute, or the
15-minut. Those time frames, the area of
interest is simply not going to be as
respected. Can you apply the same
principle to it? Sure. But it's just
going to be a lot more high risk, and
it's not going to make sense. I
personally myself I I think trading
already is as a risk as it is because
the outcome is not guaranteed and I want
to minimize that risk as much as I
possibly can by simply having the most
amount of confluences or reasons in my
favor and making sure that you're on the
higher time frames is that so now that
you understand all of that you kind of
have to like read the more important
candlesticks in front of the markets
right because the candlestick the
markets are full of candlesticks all
different types of candlesticks but
there's certain candlesticks that stand
out and are key candlesticks in the
chart. And these candlesticks that I'm
about to educate you on right now are
basically the top performing
candlesticks in the market. And they
happen everywhere in the chart. They
happen at the areas of interest. They
happen in the middle of the chart where
there's no area of interest. They happen
literally. They happen everywhere.
Anywhere that you can think of, it's
going to happen. But where they have the
most impact is at those areas of
interest and at key points in the
markets. Now, I'm going to teach you
these patterns right now just so you can
have them in the back of your mind and
then you can go look for them when you
actually see the market. You're going to
see them randomly throughout the market.
And I just say they have a 70% of the
time where they are actually respected.
But once they're at a key point in the
middle of the chart where there's no
area of interest, where there's no
respected point, they're not supposed to
be rejected because there's just simply
no reason for them to actually respect
that. So, you got to make sure that you
read these candlesticks for what they
are and where they're supposed to be
because yes, you're going to get them in
the middle of the chart, but doesn't
mean that you just trade them because
they happen in the middle of the chart.
Once again, they need to happen at a key
area of interest. So, let's break down
these points. Right now, I'm going to be
sharing with you these candlesticks that
these are the only candlesticks that you
need to prioritize when it comes to
analyzing the market. Is there other
formations? Yes. I don't know any other
formation that works anywhere near
remotely as much as these. And I'm
actually going to be eliminating some of
these just because they're a bit complex
and they're not as strong. It's only one
of them. And I'll be explaining why in
just a second. Right. So, I'm going to
be showing you bullish candlestick
patterns, which are going to be these
patterns right here. And then I'm going
to be showing you bearish candlestick
patterns. Whatever I show you on one
side, it's pretty much the same thing,
but just opposite on the other side.
Right? So, I want to I want you guys to
have a clear understanding of exactly
how it works. Once again, so you have
the open of the candlestick. So let's
say this is a bullish candle. So this is
a bullish candlestick how it opened and
then this is how it closed. This is the
highest points in the candlestick which
is where the wick is. And then this is
the lowest point where the candlestick
was which is where the bottom of the
wick is. Same exact thing right here.
You have the open of the markets. Then
the market closed down here. But once
upon a time it was a green candle
creating a wick up here. And once upon a
time was a very strong red candle all
the way down here. But the market has
closed at this point. So this right here
is how the wicks get formed. And I just
want to give you guys a very detailed
breakdown explanation. I know we've
talked about it already and I've shown
it to you, but I think a visual image
like this is going to help. One of the
main reversal candlestick patterns is
going to be a dogee and a spinning top.
So a dogee is very obvious that there's
a lot of indecision in the market. Both
of these right here are indecision in
the markets. But a full dogee is a much
more clear indecision in the market. A
dogee is when the market basically
closes as a cross or closes as a plus
sign, however you want to see it. But
what matters is that there is no body in
this candlestick. So, as you can tell,
in this example right here, there's a
green body and then there's a red body,
which leads you to understand that it
closed a little bit more in one
direction versus the other. Even if it's
something as small as that, there's a
little bit more red, there's a bit more
strong sellers, or they close green,
there's a bit more green, there's a bit
more buyers. If it closes as a complete
dogee like this, it's a that the market
is completely standill, right? The
buyers and the sellers cannot make up
who's stronger or who is weaker. and
then it stayed with the body like this.
This is a great point as an indecision,
right? This is good for you to
anticipate a continuation move to in
your direction or this is just so you
have an idea how the market is moving.
If I personally see the daily time frame
that is having an indecision like this
after it comes back to a strong area of
interest, logically in my mind, I'm
going to determine that as a slowdown in
price. If I see a dogee like this
example right here, after I see a market
that I've had a very strong push up and
then on this push up, we are retesting
this area of interest. Price is back at
this area of interest. This is a very
wellrespected weekly and daily area of
interest, for example, that they both
overlap. And then at this area of
interest, I then get a dogee candlestick
that is leading me to understand that
this pullback is potentially stopping.
And now the buyers that are at this
support level are going to hold price to
the upside. That right there to me is a
great indication that this market is now
slowing down and that the next
candlestick could potentially be an
engulfing rejecting this area. Now, if I
were to pick in between both of these,
if I were to pick in between a dogee or
a spinning top, I would obviously much
rather have a bullish spinning top
because then that just means that the
buyers are a bit stronger than the
sellers. But having a dogee isn't a red
flag either. It is equally as strong.
But just understanding that this just
means undecision in the market. And this
means that there's a bit more on either
side depending on which one the body
closes in. Nonetheless, this could be
used as a perfect reversal and showing
you that the market is ready to move in
the other direction. That means that the
market has been battling to go to either
side and it couldn't make up its mind
and it closed like this. Now remember
key note for this. The higher the time
frame,
the stronger the formation.
If you go down to the one minute time
frame, you're going to get these
formations that form every single
minutes. If you're going to go to the to
the 30 minute time frame, these
formations happen every 30 minutes. Why?
Because it just it it moves a lot more.
It's a lot more volatile. The
probability of it happening is a lot
easier. I like using these candlesticks
to have my entry or to determine if I'm
going to enter a trade based off of
like, yes, the 30 minute, the one hour,
the two hour. But where I like to use
these indecision candles, and I'm going
to teach you how to use them later on,
is on the higher time frame. Seeing a
daily dogee like this at an area of
interest, having a full 24hour
candlestick battle up and down and close
at an undecision candlestick like this,
that is amazing. Seeing a 4 hour
candlestick like this, it's also good
because it's four hours. But then seeing
a one hour candlestick, it's okay. And
then a 30 minute just loses less value.
The longer it takes for this to be
created, the more respect I'm going to
give to it. But this as a whole could be
used as a reversal and showing slowdown
in the direction that I'm interested in
taking the trade. This is just a very
educational candlestick and it's
something that I use on every single
time frame just on the higher time frame
obviously the more respected it's going
to be. Moving after that we then have
the hammer and the inverted hammer. So
this is basically very similar to the
spinning top but this is something that
would happen once we have reached this
support level and then we basically
close with little to no wick on the
upside. So this means that the momentum
is extremely strong and the market
opened up. Sellers brought this price
all the way down, but buyers were so
strong that it brought it all the way up
and actually had it close to the upside
with that momentum. So this was going to
be a dogee where it was going to be a a
full cross, but then the buyers were so
strong that actually made it end up
closing to the upside. This right here
is an additional very strong and very
powerful reversal pattern. I like to
have this one as well as once you have
approached a support level because then
this is showing that we are obviously
rejecting it and then we have taken out
the lows. Next we have the inverted
hammer. So the inverted hammer is
actually what is like what I like to
call a wick fill. So that wick right
there because it's happening in the
favor of the direction that we are going
in is where the next candlestick could
anticipate to then fill that. We notice
this next candlestick has filled that
perfectly. So if the do if the wick is
to the downside, it's a rejection. If
the wick is to the upside, it's a fill.
Only if we're at an area of interest.
Now, this could again work on the 1
hour, the 4 hour, the daily, the higher
the time frame, the better. So if this
right here, you get it, that's great.
That's a rejection. Could the next
candlestick from that be a bullish
engulfing? Yes. If this is a wick like
this, could the next candlestick be a
bullish engulfing? Yes. They're both
equally as strong. I just personally
like the wick fill a bit more. Just
really depends on the trade. But don't
get me wrong, a strong wick or a strong
hammer is a very strong rejection. Next
is a dogee is a dragonfly dogee. So this
is the [\h__\h] that I'm talking about.
This is pretty much the same [\h__\h] as
this. They just decided to make the body
a little bit smaller. And at the end of
the day, I'm going to call it a hammer
or a dogee. No matter what. You might
see me call it dogee more than dragonfly
or a hammer. But this is the exact same
thing. I don't want to waste your time
or get you distracted on having to
remember the dragonfly dogee when it's
pretty much the same [\h__\h] as the hammer.
It just has a smaller body, but it means
the exact same thing. One is not
stronger than the other. The one that is
stronger than all of these is going to
be the actual bullish engulfing
candlestick. So, this bullish engulfing
candlestick is one of my favorite
reversal patterns because this
candlestick is showing power. is showing
strength and is showing that we are
literally going in the complete opposite
direction. It is showing that we are
literally engulfing the bears and we are
going with the buyers. This candlestick
needs to engulf the last candlestick and
then the previous one minimum to be
considered as a bullish engulfing
candlestick. That's how I personally
consider the bullish engulfing
candlestick. Others like for it to just
be the previous small candle. I like for
it to engulf a minimum of two candles
just to show the strength of it because
that is what's going to lead me to enter
the trade and have more confidence that
it's going to go in that direction. So
if you have a bullish engulfing that
means you want to buy in that direction.
And once again that would happen at a
support level. If you have a dogee or if
you have a hammer or if you have a
inverted hammer, whatever you want to
call it. And then the candlestick after
that is going to be a bullish engulfing
candlestick engulfing the hammer and
then the bearish candlestick that it was
right here. That right there is the
perfect formation in my opinion. And
that is also known as the morning star
formation. This pierce line and I just
jumped right through it. This is [\h__\h]
[\h__\h] I don't even know what this
is. This is just they made up this
formation. In my opinion, it's not even
real. They just try to like take value
away from the bullish engulfing and
validate something when it's not there.
If it's not a bullish engulfing, it's
not a pierce line. They try to make
something out of nothing. No, if it's
not an engulfing, it's not strong
enough. I'm not taking the trade. I am
good. And trust me, I tried to figure
this [\h__\h] out for way too long. And then
later throughout my journey, I realized
that I was just wasting my time. and it
makes more sense to just focus on one
good candlestick formation and that's
it. My favorite and above all is going
to be the morning star formation. The
morning star formation or the morning
dogee star formation, but once again
it's the same [\h__\h] They've pretty much
just added an additional verb to it is
going to be that this candlestick has
engulfed both of these candlesticks and
it has that dogee that I was just
explaining. Either you have this bearish
candlestick right here and this one
engulfs or if you have the shooting star
to the downside, you have a bullish
engulfing candlestick with the dogee.
That right there is a morning star
formation. This is my favorite end all
be all candlestick formation because
what it essentially does is it combines
the bullish engulfing and it adds it in
with the inverted hammer or the dogee.
And you you're putting the engulfing and
the dogee together. Now, obviously, if
this example right here
were to have a wick like that, even
better. But if it doesn't, it's fine.
All that matters is that this
candlestick has engulfed the last two
candles. And that is what makes it a
morning star formation. Last but not
least, and definitely least is going to
be this right here, the three white
soldiers, and then the three black
crows. I I I don't know how it goes from
white soldiers to then black crows. I
don't even know how how this makes any
sense. This candlestick formation is not
even a real thing. If you ask me, it
looks exactly the same as the three
cloud clover. This threecloud clover
black crows. Three black three red
candlesticks, three red candlesticks.
Looks exactly the same to me. These
formations are total [\h__\h] and
they're simply a waste of time and
there's no need to even focus on them.
it makes more sense to just focus on a
formation that actually makes sense like
the morning star formation, the bullish
engulfing, and then the hammer. That is
all you need when it comes to these
candlesticks. Now, for the bearish
examples, it's pretty much the exact
same thing, just the complete opposite.
The shooting star is going to be
happening at a rejection as it's going
to be happening at a resistance. So, if
I just delete all this right here real
quick, the shooting star, you want it to
be at a resistance. So, let's say this
market is trending to the downside and
now we are retesting this resistance
level right here. This resistance you're
at this resistance level and then once
again the camera battery has died. I
guess I'm definitely I've been doing
this for a while now. I don't even know
how much time I'm into this video. But I
will tell you this, I'm loving it. I am
very committed to continue doing this
right now. One second. And we're back
over here now with the other camera
angle. So over here on this bearish
example, we have this market being a
bearish trending market and we are at
this resistance level where we're going
to potentially be using it as
resistance. Now these market
indications, these market patterns are
going to actually give us the indication
that we're actually rejecting it. So
once again, price could come into this
resistance level and then give us a
shooting star. Whether it be with a very
small body, whether it have a small
body, so it looks like a dogee. So it
looks like a hanging man or a shooting
star. As long as we have some type of
rejection at this area of interest, it
is considered in my opinion a dogee. So
this gravestone dogee, this formation
right here is the exact same thing as
the hanging man and the shooting star in
my opinion. Now, if you combine that
with the bearish engulfing candlestick,
that is where you have the beautiful
formation, whether it's a dogee or a
shooting star or a hammer, a however you
want to call it. I just call them
dogeis, honestly. It's just so much
[\h__\h] easier. So then this bearish
engulfing candlestick is what's going to
give you that beautiful end all be all
evening star formation. This is the most
beautiful formation, morning star and
then evening star formation. And once
again, this right here, they just
figured out a way to remix it and add
the actual dogee into it, but it's all
the exact same thing. As long as the
candlestick engulfs the last two, you
have a beautiful formation where you
have a combination of a shooting star
and an engulfing candlestick, which
makes the morning and evening star
formation. Now, these candlesticks,
you're literally going to see them
everywhere, right? We can come here into
the chart and then look at this for
example right here. This right here is a
bullish engulfing candlestick. This
candlestick has engulfed this
candlestick. Guess what happened after?
Continuation push. Here we have a pull
back to the to the to this retracement
break and retest. What do we have here?
A beautiful hammer, shooting star,
dogee, whatever the actual name was.
It's that it's that type of candlestick.
What's the candlestick you get after? A
beautiful bullish engulfing candlestick
that eats the last two candlesticks.
This right here is my formation of a
perfect morning star formation. This
right here is a beautiful formation
continuing to this area over here.
Bullish pin bar rejection. Beautiful
continuation push to the upside. What do
we have here? A beautiful morning star
formation with these very very long
dogee wicks showing this indication that
we are indeed rejection. Meaning once
upon a time we're fully red, we
rejected. We were fully red, we rejected
and we closed bullish. Obviously look
what happened after. So, as you can
tell, things were never going things are
never going to come out exactly textbook
how they are here in the picture, right?
I wish. But I'm not here to sell you a
fantasy. I'm not here to sell you a
dream. I'm here to tell you [\h__\h]
straight up how it is. It's never going
to be perfect, picture perfect, exactly
like this. It's going to have the
formation and then it's going to be a
little bit ugly. Kind of like when you
go on a date with a girl you meet on
Tinder. Like on the pictures, they all
look great, but when you meet them in
person, it's all like,
"Whatever, I'll do it. [\h__\h] it. I'm
already here kind of vibe, right? And it
ends up being a great time. It's the
exact same thing. This, for example,
right here is a perfect dogee bullish
engulfing candlestick break and retest
of this area of interest. You buy. You
see how now we're combining all of the
things at the exact same time. We have
this very strong trend, right? This is
obviously being a bullish market. We
have a break of this strong resistance.
We have a retest. We have a morning star
formation with a dogee. That right
there, just right off the top of the
bat, I just gave you five confluences on
why you should take this trade. You have
two time frames in sync. You have area
of interest. You have breaking retest
and then you have a morning star
formation. Five confluences in 30
seconds on everything that I have just
taught you in this video could have
easily gotten you to enter this trade at
this retest. Have a very simple
stop-loss and with a 1 to2
risk-to-reward, you could have made 118
pips. You multiply whatever you were
going to risk times 118. This is easily
a5 to $10,000 trade. Just showing you
guys how simple it is. And I'm just
educating you guys on things that you
are already seeing and I have been
showing you, but you just didn't even
know that they were there. It's almost
like playing where's Waldo, right? When
you play Where's Waldo, which is this
game right here,
you pretty much don't know where he is.
But as soon if as soon as I'm able to
point out where is Waldo, you're almost
going to be like, "Wow, was he really
there the whole entire time?" Like, I
already found him. So, for example,
let's say I spotted Waldo right here,
for example. And then once you spot him,
I'm totally kidding. I did not spot him.
But if you do spot him right off the
bat, once you see him, you can't unsee
it. It's the exact same thing when it
comes to this training view and this
examples right here. Once you see these
examples, you can't unsee it. Perfect
example of a morning star formation
being at an area that is not valid and
it not working. Obviously, if you notice
right here, this is a beautiful dogee,
shooting star, whatever. And then we
have a beautiful morning star formation.
It's not an engulfing because it didn't
engulf this last candlestick right here.
But where is this formation happening
into? It's happening into a resistance.
What happens after it happens into a
resistance? Obviously, it's not going to
respect it and then it goes to the
downside. This is showing you the
example that you can get these
formations anywhere in the charts, but
you need to get them at key areas that
they are going to be respected. If not,
it's just simply going to be a complete
waste. You get all of these types of
formations I'm talking about everywhere
in front of the markets at every given
point. Perfect example is right here.
Very small morning star formation. This
candlestick could have been bigger and
maybe if it maybe it would have made a
difference, but that right there to me
is not a strong morning star formation.
I like for that morning bullish
candlestick to be strong. I want it to
engulf. That right there is an
indication that it's going to continue
going in that direction. I want it to be
in control. Perfect example is like this
one right here. This right here is a
beautiful morning star formation.
Bullish engulfing candlestick. It ate
the last two candles. Beautiful push to
the upside. This right here is an
evening star formation and then it did
not really engulf this candlestick right
here. So, we had a little bit of a push
but then we continued going to the
upside. This right here is a very clean
bearish engulfing candlestick and then
we had a very strong push to the
downside. Very clean evening star
formation right here as well. We're
using this as a resistance point right
here. And then guess what? Price has a
beautiful evening star formation.
Beautiful push to the downside down
here. We have a morning star formation.
This candlestick never really engulfed
this one. So what happens? We break to
the downside. This candlestick engulfs
this candlestick. Beautiful push to the
upside. This right here is a beautiful
morning star formation. This right here
is if I were to pick a formation that I
can have time over time over time again,
it would literally be this one right
here. Beautiful morning star formation.
This candlestick engulfves this candle
and this candle because this is the last
candle. You want to make sure that it
can engulf the body of that move, not
the wick. You want to make sure it
engulf the body. And if this body closes
above the body, that is a beautiful
engulfing candlestick of the last two
candles and having a beautiful push to
the upside. So, for example, this move
right here actually had a beautiful
bearish engulfing candlestick. It
engulfed below this body right here.
Simply did not have the move. There's
times where that is going to happen as
well. But I love when the candlesticks
actually engulf the last body. That to
me is the most Picasso thing the market
can ever do. Look at these beautiful
morning star formations backto back that
just happened right here. This right
here. Like I would literally screenshot
this and frame it and put it on my wall.
Beautiful morning star formation with a
very slight I'm talking about a hairline
break above the last body. That right
there, believe it or not, is the
difference between an engulfing and not.
And if you were to see this one as well,
right here, this one as well has a
beautiful morning star formation. And
that candlestick has very clearly body
candlestick closed above. And look at
the beautiful continuation push that it
has had to the upside right after that.
These formations are extremely powerful
and they're going to happen time and
time and time and time and time and time
and time again. Like for example, this
right here, this happened at a low of a
market. This is a continuation pattern.
This is not supposed to happen at the
bottom of a market. If we're identifying
if this is bullish or bearish, clearly
this would have been the higher high.
This would have been the higher low to a
certain point right over here. My
trading view sometimes glitches. So this
would be the higher low. If we were to
look at this based off of the market
structure, this market indeed would be
bearish, right? So this would be the
lower low. And then this would be the
lower high. Let's see how clean that
looks on the candlestick chart. Arguably
that can't be the lower high. So then
let's say that would be the lower high.
It's not a one clean one candlestick
pullback. So this is a bearish market. I
don't expect for a morning star
formation to have a reaction on a
bearish market. This formation is
supposed to happen on a continuation.
This is a continuation. If this was
bullish, this was at a support level, I
would expect for this beautiful pattern
to actually have a push. But obviously
since it's happening in a bearish
market, it simply has no use compared
how it would if it were to be in a
bullish market. So that is the
importance of learning how to use these
formations at the right times because
they're going to happen at all places in
the markets. They're going to happen
while the markets are going up or the
markets are going down or the markets
are going anywhere. But you need to make
sure that you're actually applying it in
the proper timing of the market. You
need to apply the morning star when
you're buying. You need to buy the
evening star when you're when you're
selling. It's very clean. Morning star
when buying, evening star
when selling. Very simple, very
self-explanatory. Everything's straight
to the point. So, there is hundreds of
other formations, right? There's other
different types of candlestick
confirmations. There's other different
types of confluences for you to actually
use in your favor. But the most powerful
ones are simply going to be the shooting
stars and then the engulfing
candlesticks. You use it in combination
with a strong support level or a strong
resistance and you already have a recipe
to have more than a 50 to 55% odds in
your favor of a trade going in a certain
direction compared to the other. All
right, ladies and gentlemen, now we're
going to move on to the next subjects.
Right? So, up to this point, we've
talked about a lot. Now if at any point
at like from this point going on forward
you don't understand something you don't
have clear the market structure you
don't have clear certain candlesticks
you don't have clear when it comes to
the break and retest to the line charts
to the support and resistance areas of
interest if any of that stuff is not
clear take a pause at this moment you
are pretty deep into the video as it is
already and we have talked about a lot
of things that have taken me a very very
very long time to actually understand
and perfect. Now, I don't expect for you
to perfect it right now. That will
pretty much be impossible because the
only thing that's going to perfect it is
repetition and time looking at in the
markets for yourself, setting up certain
examples, and just going over it over
and over and over and again. I didn't
perfect this until about four and a half
years in my journey simply because I
wasted two years on just having a bunch
of misinformation and then it took me
about a year to actually really learn it
and perfect it simply because I was by
myself. Obviously, if I was with a
mentor, I was with somebody that would
teach me live every single day, kind of
how I do every single day with my
students, that would have actually
escalated and shortened my journey, it
would have excellated the amount of
knowledge that I actually learn with
stuff that matters and it would have
removed all the other [\h__\h] So, I
wish I knew that earlier, but obviously,
you know, that's why I'm doing this
video now for you guys. So once again,
if at this point into the video there is
something that is unclear, pause, go
back, refresh your notes, watch it over
because what we are going to be talking
about now are going to be pretty
advanced stuff and it's going to have
everything intertwin and everything
connect together. Market structure is
going to come together with patterns,
patterns going to come together with
indicators. All of this is going to
start coming together. What is a
intercooler? And now we're going to put
all that together which is going to make
the engine work. So that's exactly what
we're going to get into. Now things are
going to get very very very
uh how do I say it? Um
interesting from this point forward.
Right? So all I can say is pay
attention. Don't watch this video on two
speed. Watch it on one speed. Just make
sure you're actually doing this
effectively. Right? So the last topic
that we have talked about was break and
retest. Right? Break and retest. We
understood that's when something
literally has the break of an area. We
then retest it to continue going to the
upside. So that right there is going to
be a trend continuation pattern. That is
my favorite trend continuation pattern
when it comes to the break and breakout
retest. Breakout, break and retest are
trend continuation patterns. Now there
is reversal patterns. So these patterns
also let you know that the market is
going to go in the opposite direction.
So a reversal means that something is
going to go the other way. What is a
pattern? A pattern is something that has
happened in the past. So a reversal
pattern is a pattern that's going to
tell you the market is going to shift.
So the main and once again there is
hundreds of reversal patterns out there,
right? So I can go here into this
pattern section and you know you're
going to get the X A B C D Y pattern. I
don't even know how to place this [\h__\h]
but yes, there you can get any endless
amount of examples. You can get whatever
this is right here. And I would never
know how to teach you this because I've
never used it. I can only teach you the
one and only pattern you are going to
need and that is going to be the head
and shoulders pattern. Now once again if
you have seen me anytime in the past
trade, if you have seen any of my clips,
if you have seen me anywhere on social
media, you would know that I have made
so much money off of this pattern right
here. This is my go-to pattern. Like
this is my [\h__\h] right here. I use this
every single day in the market. I wait
for this pattern to create. And it's not
so much about the actual pattern, it's
what this pattern actually means and how
it does it. And I'm going to make it
make sense in just a second. Right. So
my favorites and the only reversal
pattern that you're going to need is
going to be this head and shoulders
pattern. This is where you have a left.
This is where you have a head. And then
this is where you have a right shoulder.
So a regular head and shoulders pattern
is a reversal for this market to
continue now going to the downside. This
head and shoulders pattern gets formed
and you guys should be writing this
down. This gets formed at the high of a
market or at a resistance level, excuse
me. And then you have this reversal
pattern that then lets you know that the
market is now going to start shifting to
the downside. At the bottom of a trend,
you will then get what is called a
inverted head and shoulders, which is
literally the complete opposite. But
this is now a reversal pattern to let
you know that this market is now going
to go to the upside. So there's a big
difference in between a reversal pattern
and a trend continuation pattern.
Reversal patterns literally mean the
market is going to shift the other way.
Trade continuation patterns like the
break and retest are when market is
continuously going in that direction.
These right here are constant break and
retest to the upside. These right here
are constant break and retest to the
downside. These right here are constant
breakouts. Break and retest to the
upside. This right here is a reversal
pattern and it changes the trend of a
market. This right here is a reversal
pattern and it changes the trend of the
market. Now once again this reversal
pattern and like every other pattern,
every other important point in the
market, this head and shoulders pattern
is done to call it head and shoulders is
done to the market structure. So what do
I mean by that? Well, that is done to
the bodies of the candlestick. We are
not including the wicks at no point when
identifying a head and shoulders. I'm
going to teach you guys how to put this
up on the chart right now, but I want to
educate you guys on the head and
shoulders first. And everything that
we're going to be doing is based off of
market structure. So, this is what a
pretty head and shoulders looks like,
but a real head and shoulders might look
something like this, for example. Might
be at a slant. You might get a head that
is a little bit smaller than the right
shoulder. And then you will get
something like this. You can also get a
head and shoulders pattern that can be
something like this. A big left
shoulder, a big right shoulder, and a
small right shoulder. Vice versa, you
can get a very small right shoulder and
a very big right shoulder. You can get
the structure point to be up here. You
can get the slanted head and shoulders
this way. You can get the slanted head
and shoulders like this. The head and
shoulders is never going to be a
beautiful textbook head and shoulders
pattern like this. Does it happen? Yes.
But I will never aim to always have a
perfect one. The head and shoulders
pattern is valid as long as it breaks
the neckline. Now, what does that mean,
Alex? What do you mean breaking the
neckline? Well, the head and shoulders
pattern. Yes, it is a head and shoulders
pattern. But what is this right here?
Right? Give me one second. What is this
right here? This right here was a higher
high. This right here was a higher low.
What is this right here? That is a shift
of structure. That is a change of
character. That is a break of structure.
This is now bearish. Right? You got that
right? Confirmed. Now, this right here,
what is that right there? That is our
potential right shoulder. So, without
you guys even realizing, I have been
showing you guys the head and shoulders
this whole entire time. Like, if you
guys go back into this recording, just
go back five minutes, for example. Just
click the arrow back. you guys are going
to see that I've been showing you the
head and shoulders this whole entire
[\h__\h] time is that I just never really
exposed it to you. And now that I
explain to you what it is, it's almost
like, oh my god, it's been right in
front of me the whole entire time. Just
haven't realized it. But there is a big
difference in between a valid head and
shoulders and a invalid head and
shoulders. Now, this right here is a
valid head and shoulders because we have
broken this neckline. Since we have
broken this neckline, this is a valid
head and shoulders. Now, this right here
is not a valid head and shoulders. We
all know this, right? We know that this
right now is a higher low and that this
is a higher high. We have gone through
this 100 times already. This is a higher
high. This is a higher low. And we know
since we have not broken below this, we
are still bullish. This market is still
very much bullish. That is the higher
low. That is the higher high a reversal
pattern which is exactly what the head
and shoulders is. It needs to be a
reversal pattern. Now what is the best
indication to let us know that this is a
reversal pattern? That we have shifted
the structure. That means that this
market is now changing from bullish to
bearish. It is shifting. It is breaking
the structure. So there's two ways that
the head and shoulders could be valid.
The head and shoulders could be valid
either if the head breaks the neckline
making this the lower low and then we
have a potential lower high for a new
lower low. So this would be a proper
head and shoulders shift because of this
point right here. So you can take the
trade either at the right shoulder or at
the break and retest of the neckline of
the head and shoulders. So the the way
that the head and shoulders works is you
can either sell at the right shoulder or
sell at the break and retest. Selling at
the right shoulder is extremely high
risk. I don't recommend it unless you
are an experienced trader. Selling at
the break and retest of the head and
shoulders is where it is the proper
reversal trade confirmation because you
have the confirmed shift of structure.
The market has officially shifted
bearish. Right? So if you have this
shift right here, making this the lower
low, technically this could come back
here, create the lower high, then this
is an area of interest up here, right?
Let's just pretend like this has three
touches over here. Yes, you can sell at
this area of interest. This could be a
sell. This could be your right shoulder.
And yes, you can sell at this point
right here. But the proper trade is to
sell at the retest of the neckline. Now,
the neckline is not going to be diagonal
because of this tool. So if you place
this tool to these structure points,
technically it's going to come out
diagonal. Now the neckline is going to
be based off of the previous structure
points which is basically where the
higher low and the shift has been
created which would be right here. This
is the neckline. The neckline is not
going to be this imaginary line that is
gets drawn depending where the structure
is. That's not how the neckline works.
The neckline is right here. It's always
going to be at an area of interest as
well. So the neckline of the head and
shoulders is going to be the retest of
an area of interest. So now that you
have multiple confluences at the same
time, you have a shift of structure, you
have a reversal pattern, you are
breaking and retesting the neckline of
the head and shoulders. And that also
happens to be an area of interest.
You're seeing how everything is just
kind of coming along together, right? So
one of the ways that you can execute the
head and shoulders is if it indeed
breaks this higher low and then we can
sell at the right shoulder. if we're at
an area of interest or we can sell at
the retest of the neckline. That is the
one way the head and shoulders will be
valid. The head and shoulders will only
be valid. And you guys should be writing
this down. The head and shoulders will
only be valid once we break the
neckline. If we have not broken the
neckline, we cannot count it as a head
and shoulders cuz it's not a confirmed
head and shoulders. This can basically
come up into right here even though that
it's bearish, right? Because this right
here would be the lower low. And then
this over here would now be the lower
high. And guess what? This can literally
create an equal move and then have a
move to the upside. And then now we are
bullish and we shifted above this. We
cannot confirm that this is a head and
shoulders until we have not broken the
neckline. The neckline is the most
important move for us to consider the
valid head and shoulders. Can you take
it at the right shoulder? Yes. It's an
extremely high risk and that is up to
you depending on what you want to do.
But the proper trade is at the break of
the neckline. Right? So this is the
first example and this would make this
head and shoulders very strong because
it shifted structure once and then it's
going to shift it structure pretty much
for a second time over here because then
this will turn into the lower low and
then this would turn into the lower
high, right? Or that's scenario one,
meaning that the head breaks this higher
low so it sets up the perfect right
shoulder. Or the second way that you
could do it is if the market is like
this. We are still very much bullish.
This is the left. This is the head. This
right now instead of it cuz if you were
to look at this market like this, at no
point in your life are you going to be
like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's
going to be a right shoulder." No, you
you anticipate for this to have a move
like this. This market structure is
bullish. You don't expect for this to do
this. This is bullish. You expect for
this to continue going to the upside.
But for this example, let's say it's
doing something like this. Now, you can
look at this market and be like, damn,
that is setting up a perfect head and
shoulders. Let me take the trade now.
Well, you taking the trade now. One,
you're not selling at an area of
interest. Two, you're selling on a
bullish market because this is the
higher high, and then this would be the
higher low. So, you're already doing two
things that simply just don't make any
sense. Go find me enough reasons for you
to sell this trade. None. You're trading
against the trends. You're already
making a mistake. people try and jump
the gun and trade based off of a
potential head and shoulders. That's not
a confirmation. A confirmation is when
it actually has the break. So, this
right here would just be the potential
right shoulder. And this would be a
confirmed head and shoulders once again
once we have broken the higher low. Now,
once we have broken the higher low, all
we simply have to do is let price come
back into this area, retest this
neckline, and then we will sell. So, if
this has broken this area, guess what?
That means that this is now the lower
low and this over here is the lower
high. If this is the lower high and this
is the lower low, what did I just teach
you guys? I taught you guys that you're
going to find an area of interest in
between this lower high and lower low.
Start working your way up and boom, what
do you happen to find right here? This
right here is an area of interest with
three touches. And what a coincidence,
it is also the neckline of the left, the
head, and the right shoulder. That right
there is how you're piecing together
market structure, how you're piecing
together area of interest, how you're
piecing together trend and a reversal
pattern. Everything is just coming
together, right? And this is just one of
the things that I'm going to be teaching
you right now. So once again, if there's
something that you don't have clear,
just take a pause, go back, double check
it, and then come back to this point
right here. And if you're not
subscribed, hit the [\h__\h] subscribe
button. Right. So, let's continue to go
on with the head and shoulders pattern.
Right now, for a bearish example, it's
basically the exact same thing. This
market right here was creating this
lower low. And then this over here was
creating this lower high, right? This
market structure, let's just pretend
like this market is like this. This
right here is the lower high. this right
here on this lower high and this lower
low. What do we expect to happen here?
We expect from this move right here to
it continue to go to the downside. At no
point do we expect for this to come over
here and then retest this and then
actually have a reversal to the upside.
This right here, if you would see this,
you would still very much count it
bearish. Now, some people are better
buyers than sellers. Some people are
better sellers than buyers. It just it's
entirely up to you. Once again, if you
don't have a clear indication on how to
do that, you can just flip the chart.
But the principle applies exactly the
same. Nothing will change if it's
bullish or if it's bearish. It's
literally the exact same thing, right?
So this right here, we understand that
this market is indeed bearish. Lower
high, lower low. We haven't broken
above. Nothing changes. Now, if this
does this now, guess what? We have the
confirmed break of this lower high,
making this the higher high. And if this
is the higher high, we get the head of
the snake. The first turn, that is going
to be the higher low. So then this turns
into the higher low. That turns into the
higher low. We could only find an area
of interest inside of this higher high
and higher low. And what a coincidence
that it is literally at the neckline of
this left head and right shoulder. So
you simply draw your head and shoulders.
Obviously, it's the exact same example.
before I just flip the chart. But that's
really how easy you can tell the
difference in between one or the other.
So in the chart is going to be exactly
the same exactly just like this, right?
So this right here is the lower low and
then this over here is going to be the
lower high. So us as traders, we do not
enter the trade on the breakout of the
neckline. We have to wait for price to
come back into this area and then
retest. And then once it retests, then
you look for those candlestick
formations here. Since you're looking to
sell, you look for a bearish shooting
star and then a bearish engulfing
candlestick to then continue pushing
this trade to the downside. That's
pretty much it. That is exactly how the
head and shoulders works. I can
literally show you I'm talking about
like hundreds of these examples every
single day. I'm going to show you with a
real life example right here. So, this
right here is a ugly head and shoulders
pattern. So, as you can see it right
here, this right here will be a left
head and then a big right shoulder.
Guess what? We came back over here. We
broke above the right shoulder. We broke
the right shoulder. We retested the
right shoulder. And then we started to
have the push to the downside. You guys
remember when I showed you guys this
trade before I I was interested in
taking it? How I was actually interested
in taking it? Well, look how it's moving
now. Look where it is now. All because
of this 1 hour left head right shoulder.
The head and shoulder is equally as
valuable. And I mean it is used equally
the same on every single time frame. Now
obviously the higher the time frame the
stronger the pattern is going to be but
it's used the exact same way. You have
to wait for the break of the structure.
So for example right here if we are
looking for this example right here this
if we were to look at it on the market
structure you can see how we have left
head and right here you never really
anticipate a right shoulder until you
actually start to see it being created.
So that right shoulder there is looking
a little bit ugly but it is creating a
right shoulder. And as you can tell this
is the higher low. That's the higher
high. We shifted the structure. So,
that's a good head and shoulders that we
like to see, but we never got the break
of the neckline. So, or we're waiting
for this break of the neckline in order
for us to then actually sell this trade.
So, as you can tell, no break of the
neckline there. We almost broke the
neckline. We did nothing. Went up to the
upside. And then over here, we actually
broke the neckline, came back and
retested it, and then we had a beautiful
sell to the downside. This is just based
off of pure market structure. You can
see here how this was a head and
shoulders that it never broke the
neckline. Left head and then guess what?
This right shoulder. This was the higher
high and then this was the higher low.
The market never broke this higher low.
It never completed this right shoulder.
It never created a proper reversal
pattern. Now, don't get me wrong. You're
going to get these head and shoulders
literally everywhere in the market. I'm
talking about in the middle of the
chart, at the top, at the bottom. You
want to make sure that you can get this
reversal pattern on areas that it
actually will have a significant impact.
You want to make sure that you're
getting this head and shoulders pattern
at a resistance. If you're looking to
sell, you want to make sure you can have
it at a support. If you're looking to
buy, perfect example of a beautiful head
and shoulders could be this example
right here. Left head, right shoulder.
Doesn't look clean on the candlestick
chart. Don't worry. Go to the line
chart. Be I'm talking about beautiful.
left head and then right shoulder. Price
broke the neckline. We came back to
retest it and then I ended up taking a
loss. And I'm a real one for doing this,
you know, like I am in control of this
video right now. I can just pause the
video and then just go find the perfect
example how it actually happened on that
perfect example and then just show you
how it wins every single time. But I'm
not going to do that because that's
[\h__\h] up. like I'm showing you guys
real life examples on trades that I
personally have taken and trades that I
have actually either made money or lost
money on. Even if they're not as
perfect, it it's going to, you know, it
benefits me far more because you guys
will like me a lot more if I just set a
perfect example and show you how exactly
how it looks on a perfect scale and show
you how it works every single time. But
that's not the reality of this. And
that's the mistake that a lot of these
mentors make while they're making these
videos. They always try and find a
perfect example just to show you so it
makes sense. I'm not doing that. I'm
making it make sense with real life
examples. So you guys, when you guys go
out there to the real world and go trade
the real markets, you're not [\h__\h]
lost and you actually understand [\h__\h]
And even though you have a perfect head
and shoulders pattern like this one, you
can actually understand that there's
still a risk of losing no matter what.
So I'm protecting your capital. I'm just
looking out as much as I possibly can.
So just wanted to set that tonality
because I've realized it throughout the
videos that I could have done so many
different types of examples that would
have made me look better, but it would
have not been the reality for you guys.
And I just wanted to show you guys that,
right? So for example here, this is
another head and shoulders. How this was
the higher high. This was the higher
low. Price never broke the neckline. We
remained bullish. And even though right
here it probably might have looked like
it was going to create a beautiful right
shoulder from this area. It could have
easily looked like it was going to go
down and create a left head. Right
shoulder, excuse me. We did that. So
examples like these, I'm telling you,
they are literally never ending
throughout the whole entire video. These
are literally everywhere in the chart.
You're going to get them on every single
time frame throughout any chart. I'm
just looking to the left finding these
head and shoulders when and if they
happen, but they happen all of the time
at every single place. For example,
right here you have a beautiful inverted
head and shoulders pattern right here.
So, this right here is going to be the
left. This right here is going to be the
right I mean the head, excuse me. And
then this is going to be the right
shoulder. You notice price broke this
neckline, came back, retested, beautiful
push to the upside. Once again, if it
doesn't look super clean, you can go out
to the line chart and then on the line
chart, you can see it. Left head, broke
the lower high structure point, came
back to create the right shoulder, break
retest, and then it went to the upside.
Examples like these and I want to find
the I remember that I caught one the
other day. I wonder where it is. And you
know, they come very big. They could
also come very small. So for example,
you can see this right here as like one
ginormous head and shoulders. For
example, like right here, you have a
ginormous left head and then a ginormous
right shoulder. Or you can see a smaller
head and shoulders right here. Left head
and then right shoulder, for example.
I'm telling you, these these are it's
literally my favorite reversal pattern.
If I go down to the 15-minut time frame,
you're going to see it more than ever. I
think it was NZD
CAD. Was it NZD CAD?
NZD CAD? No, I think it was Oh, it was
NZDUSD.
Like this right here is a beautiful
trade setup that I had. I'm talking
about phenomenal. Look at this right
here. Right. So, this right here has a
beautiful left
head and then this broke the structure
and created this beautiful right
shoulder for me. Right? It's a very big
head and shoulders. Now on this retest
of this neckline, I go down to the 4
hour. And when I go down to this 4 hour,
I can see right here. What do I see? I
see a beautiful left head and then right
shoulder retesting the bigger neckline
of the head and shoulders. So this is
the big head and shoulders over here.
And now this is retesting the neckline.
Beautiful head and shoulders at the
retest of it. Here's another beautiful
example of a beautiful head, left head
and then right shoulder. We broke,
retested the neckline and then we sold.
Right here we have an inverted head and
shoulders. Right here we have a left
head and then the right shoulder trade
continued to go to the upside. Up here
we have another head and shoulders. We
have left head and then right shoulder
broke, retested and then went to the
downside. Right here we have another
left. These things are just never
ending. Head, right shoulder. This right
here is clearly an area of interest. So
if this was I mean you can just look at
it. You can just look at this example
like this, right? So let's say this is
the higher or let's let's not say this
right here is the higher high, right?
For example, this right here is the
higher high of this market. This right
here is the higher low of this market.
We know that this is bullish. So in this
market, we now get a perfect retest of
this area. So right here it looks like
we're creating the perfect base for the
left for the head. Now you don't know a
right shoulder's coming. You just look
this looks like the base. This looks
like it's just rejecting the structure
to potentially go to the upside, right?
But then you get something like this.
You get a little high and then it
breaks. Now when it breaks is when you
realize, oh [\h__\h] this [\h__\h] is actually
bearish. This went from being bullish to
bearish. Now this higher low gets
invalidated. This becomes the new lower
low. You do your little snake trick.
this becomes the lower high. If that
becomes the lower high, then we have to
look for an area of interest inside of
this lower high and lower low. But
first, let's just make sure that this
candlestick has actually stopped at this
area. This we need to have some type of
slowdown at this area so we confirm that
we're actually having that as the lower
low. As of right now, this looks like
this became the new lower low. See what
happens to the next candle. Okay, this
becomes okay, perfect. That became the
lower low. So now we're going to look
for areas of interest within this box,
right? So we're going to go back out to
the line chart. We're going to start
working our way up from this point right
here. Start working our way up. Boom.
Right here we have one and then two. We
can potentially have this as an area of
interest. Let's see what it looks like
on the candlestick chart. We have one.
I'm sure if we look more left, uh, we
have maybe three. One, two. Doesn't look
that clean. we start. If we keep working
our way up, we're going to probably run
into this area right here where we have
one, two, and then three. If we look at
it on the line chart, you can tell we
have very clean structure. We have 1 2 3
four structure points. And what a
coincidence that it's also the neckline
of the head and shoulders. Now, this
neckline of the head and shoulders,
we're going to wait for price to come
back and then retest it. So once price
comes back and then retest it, we're
going to wait for some type of rejection
confirmation like this evening star
formation for us in order to enter this
trade and have the sell to the downside.
So now this is the confirmation that the
neckline the head and shoulders has
broken it has come back to retest it. We
have our engulfing and then guess what?
Beautiful sell to the downside. That
right there ladies and gentlemen is a
perfect example of a head and shoulders
and this is just a random chart that I
found here on Trading View. Head and
shoulders patterns happen literally
everywhere throughout the market. I can
show you another one right here. Left
head, right shoulder. We broke the
neckline, came back and retested. You
can see it right here. Left head, right
shoulder. What matters is that it
shifted from being this the higher low
to this being the higher high. We
shifted the structure. So we go from
being bullish to then bearish. And then
we create the new lower low. Then we
come back, we create the retest and then
we sell. That is the beauty of the head
and shoulders that it is a reversal
pattern and it is literally showing you
its hand first. You're letting the
market create the move before it even h
like you're letting the market do the
move for you where you're letting the
market literally have the pattern so you
can just simply follow it. You don't
even have to think. All you simply have
to do is just react to the pattern. And
I know I have many, many, many more
examples. I think I have one on GBPUSD
not so long ago that I took as well.
That was a beautiful head and shoulders.
I think it was somewhere. Yeah. Okay.
Look for example right here. So right
here GBPUSD once again we have left head
right shoulder. We break that neckline
come back and retest and then we sell.
Examples of these are literally
everywhere. And it it's just called a
head and shoulders pattern because
that's just what it is. But it's really
just a reversal pattern. For example,
right here you have this market that is
bullish. This market right here is
bullish. Right? This market was creating
higher highs, higher lows, higher highs
and then guess what? We shifted the
structure. So if this is the higher low
and then this is the higher high. This
at this point did not shift the market
structure. This market was still bullish
up to this point right here. But guess
what? We broke the neckline. We came
back to retest it. And then guess what
happens after? Retest the neckline.
Beautiful sells to the downside. This
right here is the beauty of the reversal
pattern. Now, it's not that I'm looking
for specifically a head and shoulders
pattern. No, what I'm looking for is for
this right here is that shift of
structure, the market going from bullish
to bearish. That is the reversal
pattern. That is the indication that I'm
looking for in order for me to be
interested in this trade. It's the shift
of the structure. Whether it happens
from the uh the push from the head or
whether it happens from the break of the
neckline of the actual head and
shoulders. And like I'm just so
passionate about these head and
shoulders that I can literally be on
here for hours just showing you examples
of head and shoulders alone. Just
literally head and shoulders everywhere.
Like there's another one right here. I'm
trying to find like an ugly one cuz
sometimes there is some ugly ones. I
mean this is kind of like an ugly one in
a way in my opinion because this one's
like not super clean. Left head and then
right shoulder. All that matters is that
we broke the structure, retested the
neckline, we then had a push to the
upside. I see these patterns happen
every single day, everywhere in the
market, either at tops or bottoms. And
for me, it's my personal favorite
reversal pattern. And it lets me know
that the market is indeed respecting the
structure. Perfect example could also be
this right here, this inverted head and
shoulders right here. We have this left,
this head, and then this right shoulder.
We break the neckline. So, as you can
tell, this right here is going to be the
lower high of this market. If this is
the lower high of this market and then
this is going to be the lower low, that
lower high and lower low, guess what
happens? We break that neckline, we
break that lower high, we break the
lower low, we then break above it, come
back, retest it, have the bullish
engulfing candlestick, and look at this
beautiful push to the upside. Like, it
just I just can't I just can't get over
it, you know? I just can't get over how
many times this pattern happens all of
the time. perfect examples right here on
a head and shoulders that it did not
respect it. So technically, you know,
you can call this the left the head and
then the right shoulder. And if you were
to call this right here the higher low,
technically it did break that neckline.
So if you were to call this the higher
low and this the higher high for
examples purposes, this right here,
technically it did break that structure
and we did come back and then retest it
and it could have sold off. But
personally, I would have not counted
this as a right shoulder for me. That
would have just been way too small of a
right shoulder. Would have not been as
clear. Like I want the right shoulder to
be obvious. I want you to be actually be
able to spot the shoulder. For perfect
example could be this one here as well.
And I know I'm beating out a dead horse
here, but I know that the repetition is
what's going to lead you guys to
success. I know that's what's going to
make you guys see the things how I see
it. Cuz what makes me a profitable
trader and be able to see the markets
how I see it. It's not something secret
that I know. It's the amount of times
that I've seen this and I actually could
understand it better than anybody else
because I've seen it so much. Right
here, we have a left head and then guess
what? We never broke that higher low. So
then this never created the right
shoulder. If we look at this on the
neckline, I mean on the line chart, this
is technically going to be the higher
high right here. This is technically
going to be the higher low right here.
So as you can tell, price never broke
below that higher low. So, while this
was creating that potential right
shoulder for us to then sell because
right there that looks like it can
create the perfect right shoulder, we
never broke below the higher low. We
continue having this push to the upside.
So, ladies and gentlemen, Head and
Shoulders pattern is my favorite
reversal pattern, but not because of the
actual pattern itself. It's because of
how it is done and that is with the
shift of structure from the higher low
to the higher high or once we actually
break the neckline we come back and we
retest it and then we sell. Head and
shoulders is my favorite and most
effective reversal pattern. Now to this
we're going to add what is also called
as a indicator. Right? So an indicator
is obviously exactly what it's named, an
indicator, right? It's going to indicate
to you that the market is either going
to do one thing or do another, right? So
there's many different types of
indicators. You know, we can go here
into the indicator section of Trading
View. And this area alone, you can
pretty much click every single one of
these and you're going to have a billion
different types of indicators. They all
supposedly know what's going to happen
next. There is always a new indicator.
They're always doing updated indicators.
There's always going to be different
types of indicators that the market is
going to offer. Now, the only indicator
that I personally use
is the EMA
exponential
moving average. Now, I use this you guys
can see it over here. EMA. So, the
moving average exponential. I don't know
why it says EMA and then the wording of
it is completely different but it is the
exponential moving average or the moving
average exponential potato the same
thing. You guys understand
I only use an indicator by accident. I
was never planning to use an indicator.
For me the indicators I tried to have
many different types of indicators. I
tried to do the indicator crossover. So,
it's where you have like five of them
and then whenever all of these different
types of indicators whenever they all
cross over that's when you would sell
below it or whenever the price would
cross above all of them that's when you
would buy with it. It's all [\h__\h]
[\h__\h] at the end of the day.
Indicator is a delayed line on the chart
based off of price. It's never going to
predict the future because it needs the
current price to be able to like create
the indicator and it can never create
future price because it doesn't have the
future price. It's just an added
confluence, right? So, whenever you see
price, you're going to see this little
blue line that pretty much just follows
it everywhere it goes. Now, this blue
line is literally exactly what it seems
to be. It's like a dynamic support and
resistance level that follows price.
Whenever you're above the indicator, it
is used as supports. Whenever you're
below the indicator, it is used as
resistance. Now, this indicator, like I
just mentioned, I came across it by
accident. I was just pretty much
searching the internet for all different
types of profitable indicators and
there's just really one that stuck out
and that is the exponential moving
average. For you to get access to this
exponential moving average, just type
EMA and then it's going to pop up as the
20, the 50, the 100, and the 200. So, I
want you guys to go ahead and click on
that. And once you guys click on it, you
guys are going to see how you're going
to get all these different types of
indicators that pop up on your chart.
You have here the the 20. The 20 is
always going to be closest to the price
because it just moves as close as it can
to the price. Then you're going to have
the 50, which is the one that I use, and
it's it's this other blue one right
here. Then you're going to have the 100,
which is a bit further. And then you're
going to have the 200, which is is even
further. All of these are [\h__\h]
[\h__\h] pretty much. But there's only
one that sticks, and that's the 50 EMA.
So for you to get access to the 50 EMA,
how I do, just go ahead once again,
click EMA, and then you can just click
on this section right here. And then
once you click on this section, then you
want to make sure you can go to the
settings icon over here. And then on the
settings icon, you're going to go to or
how is it? Do you double click this
right here? Visibility like this. So,
what you're gonna make sure is that you
can go ahead uncclick the red one,
uncclick the dark blue one, uncclick the
light blue one, and then you're going to
be left with the 50 EMA. The 50 EMA is
going to be that orange one. It's
already a preset. You notice if I
uncclick it, it's literally right on top
of my blue one that I have. I guess I
just have an old indicator that I
haven't updated and I don't care to
update it. It's just there or I can just
change it to this one. But as you can
tell, the 50 EMA is going to be that
middle indicator because it goes right
over my blue line that I have right
there. It's literally exactly the same.
And then that is pretty much how you
place the indicator and how the
indicator is used. It's basically a
dynamic support and resistance. Whenever
the price is moving up and you're
looking to buy at anywhere in this point
right here, you being above the EMA is
just an added confluence. If you're
looking to buy here, for example, and
you're above the EMA, it's just an added
confluence. If you're looking to sell
over here and you're above the EMA, just
something to take into consideration.
Over here, you're buying, it's above.
Whenever price going down, it hits
below. Whenever you go above, it's just
it's always delayed in my opinion. I
just have it honestly because I think it
looks cool. But there is some certain
scenarios where it happens to line up
perfectly with certain areas of interest
and and certain points. For example,
like the 1 hour right here, right? So
for the 1 hour, as you can tell, we have
the head and shoulders pattern. Left
head, right shoulder, right? We already
understood that. We have the neckline of
the head and shoulders. And then guess
what? Price broke this area. Came back
to retest the area of interest. Retest
the EMA. I mean, it retest the area of
interest. the neckline of the head and
shoulders and it also happens to have
the EMA at that area. It's all a piecing
of puzzle all together. If I were to
compare this to something of an engine
of a vehicle, it's almost like having
the hood of the car. Do you need the
hood of the car to drive the car? No, at
all. But it completes the car, right?
Can can you remove the hood and still
drive 24 hours without the car turning
off? Yes. Can the hood be off, it rain,
and the engine still be fine? Yes, of
course. The hood does nothing other than
just give the car an aesthetic look and
it just completes the vehicle and it
also protects your engine parts so I
don't know um somebody doesn't steal
something from it. But you can drive the
car without the hood. So the EMA is like
the hood. It's just like the cherry on
top. It completes the trade for whenever
it is needed and you want to add it as a
confluence. For example, on the 1 hour
time frame, this EMA is used as a
resistance to then sell. But if we were
to go out to then the 4 hour on the 4
hour you can tell that we are above the
EMA and now it's going to potentially
reject it to then head to the upside
potentially. On the daily time frame
we're extremely far from the EMA for
example. And on the weekly time frame we
are even further away from that EMA. So
the EMA it is not used just based off of
entry time frames, right? I I don't use
it just on the lower time frames for
this example. It just happened to line
up. I can find a different example of a
trade that I took. For example, let's
just say this one right here. The 1 hour
time frame when I was interested in
taking this trade, I happened to be a
little bit below the EMA. Cool. That was
an added confluence. On the 4hour time
frame, when I went to go take the trade,
I was a little bit above it. On the
daily time frame, when I went to go take
the trade, I was very above it. So, the
EMA is really not used at all. I just
want to educate you on what it is so you
don't go out there like a maniac trying
to figure out the secret formula behind
it because the truth of the matter is
that there is none. There is no secret
formula to the EMA. Sometimes it's good
to be above it. Sometimes it it doesn't
even matter. I personally when I go
grade my trade, the EMA is literally at
the bottom of the list. Like after I do
all of my analysis and I do all of my
checklist and I do everything, I'm like,
"Oh, where's the EMA? Is it there or
not? Oh, it is. Okay, cool. It's not.
Okay, cool. It doesn't matter. It does
not complete my trade. It does not take
away from my trade and it doesn't do
anything for my trade. The only again,
for example, here I'm selling it. We're
below on the 4 hour. Cool. Let's see on
the 1 hour time frame. What are we doing
over here? Trying to make it back over
to price on the 1 hour time frame.
Perfect. As soon as I sold, I happened
to be below it as well. What a
coincidence. For this example over here,
when I happened to buy, I was below it.
So, technically, I was breaking the
rule. The EMA is nothing but a delayed
support and resistance. You placing a
area of interest like this how I have
placed it right here is far more
accurate than the EMA because the area
of interest is going to be valid for the
real market structure and for the
weekly, for the daily, for the 4 hour,
for the 1 hour. It's all going to be the
same thing. Not like the EMA how it is
subjective and it moves based off of the
time frame. Depending on the time frame
that you are, it is going to be a bit
closer, a bit further. It's going to be
added. It's not going to be added. Now,
once again, there is hundreds of
different EMAs. The EMA is simply just a
dynamic support and resistance that
holds price up supposedly whenever
you're above it, and whenever you're
below it, it pushes price down. It is a
delayed indicator, and it has zero
importance when it comes to trading.
You're not going to build a whole entire
trading strategy just based off of EMA.
This will be a cherry on top on your
trade when you go enter it. If you have
it, you have it. If you don't, you
don't. So, I'm just going to remove this
here so I just don't have that extra
indicator for no reason. But the EMA is
pretty much just a extra tool to call
it. Now, you understanding head and
shoulders, you understanding EMA, you
understanding market structure, top down
analysis, areas of interest, blah blah
blah. These are all different ways on
how to read the market. Now what if I
told you that everything that I have
just taught you sets up the perfect
trade based off confluences. So there is
something called confluence trading and
confluences are literally what I have
been talking about every single pretty
much time that I go trade every single
moment I have this confluence I don't
have this confluence I have this I don't
have this confluence trading is
literally having the most amount of
reasons to enter the trade or not it's
like right now I'm trying to invite my
buddy out to go out to the bar with me
to go drink I can't even remember the
last time I went to a I don't think I've
ever gone to a bar to go have a beer,
right? But just just for example, right?
Let's say I want to invite my friend to
go out to the bar. Hey, bro. Bars are I
don't even know. It's happy hour. Um
there's going to be a lot of um college
girls there and
I I don't even know what people do at
bars, but right, I'm just trying to give
him as many possible reasons to convince
my friend to come to the bar, right, and
go have a drink with me. Bro, beers are
half off. There's going to be a lot of
pretty women. free nachos and on top of
that they're playing a football game.
You say all that to your friend and he's
like and you know what makes more sense
to be at the bar than to be at home
doing nothing. So you you basically made
it make sense for your friend to be at
the bar with you rather than be home.
Confluence trading is really no
different than that. But it's just, you
know, it's just revolved around money
and you can actually do something with
your life, right? You can actually
capitalize off of it aside from just
wasting your time at a bar drinking
beer. So when you go confluence trading,
you try and add as many possible things
together to the trade for it to
logically make sense for the trade to
actually go in one direction versus the
other. Because we all know the market is
going to do two things. The market from
this point right here can either go down
or it can continue to go up, right? If
you at any point in your life, you
figure out if the market does either one
of those two things, you [\h__\h] call
me, right? because you're on to
something special or there's something
wrong with the market. But in my humble
seven years of trading in these markets,
I have never seen the market do anything
other than from this point right here go
up or go down. So it's already a 50/50
chance. But now what if I told you that
if at this area right here, there is
seven reasons on why it has a higher
probability of going up than going down.
Well, it just simply makes more sense to
buy than to sell it. That's really it.
At no point in my trading am I 100%
confident that this trade is going to go
in one direction or the other. I just
simply have so many reasons for it to go
in that direction versus the other that
I go ahead and risk money behind it. But
I don't have inside information. I don't
predict the future. I don't have a
crystal ball. I am not an alien, right?
I just have a logical amount of reasons
on why it's going to go up rather than
down. And that is all based off of
everything that I've taught you on this
video. First thing, for example, is this
market bullish? Bullish or bearish? All
right, cool. Well, this market is
bullish. All right, cool. So, that's the
first thing we got, right? We already we
already understand the market is
bullish. Cool. Well, where is the market
right now? Well, this market is at an
area of interest that it's a respected
area of interest. [\h__\h] All right. Cool.
Cool. Cool. So we are at an area of
interest. So this area of interest is
obviously a very wellrespected support
and resistance. We're above it. It could
be used as support. Okay, cool. So right
now we understand we have two of these
confluences in our favor. All right,
cool. What else do we have? So we also
have at this area, let's say this is the
daily time frame or the 4hour time frame
has created a dogee candlestick, an
undecision candlestick. And after this
undecision candlestick, it's created a
morning star formation. Wow, we have a
morning star formation for example.
Morning star formation. We have three
logical reasons on why this trade should
go up or should go down. Now this is a
simple very simple confluence trading
checklist that we can just I just built
off of 5 seconds. We understand that we
are having very clear indications that
this should continue go to the upside
rather than the downside. We're at a
support level. We're trading with the
trend. And then we have our entry
signal. Go ahead. We enter our trade.
And after we enter our trade, guess
what? The trade does what it does.
Continue trades with the trend. Has a
reaction from a support level. And it
has the momentum based off of the entry
signal confirmation. That right there is
literally confluence trading. Now,
that's me not even including if we have
the EMA. Me not including if maybe on
the 4hour time frame there's an inverted
head and shoulders over here. That's me
not including so many other little extra
things that can be added to this for it
to make more sense. Right? This is just
me going off of three basic core
foundations. Trend, area of interest,
and entry signal. It simply makes more
logical sense to enter this trade on a
buy rather than a sell. And the best way
that I can present this confluence
trading is if you literally go up to
your your your parents, your siblings,
your cousins, your friends, somebody
that doesn't believe in your trading
journey or somebody that doesn't even
understand your trading journey and you
literally tell them, all right, you show
them this chart for example, right? So
let's say for example, I'm going to show
you let's say uh let's say for example
this market right here, right? Right?
For example, let's say this market right
here. and you go ahead and tell them,
"All right, what do you think this
market is going to do? Do you think this
market is going to go up or do you think
this market is going to go down?"
They're going to have no, right? Cuz
you're going to you're going to show
them an empty chart like this. They're
going to be like, "Dude, I have no idea
up or down." Now, they might be right or
they might be wrong. It's it's really a
50/50. It's not that hard to be right.
It's just very hard to be right
consistently and profitably. And that is
where having just a proper checklist and
a proper confluence list that changes
all of that. Right? So let's say you
just tell your random family member,
your random friend or whoever if this is
going to go up or down. And they just
say, okay, I think it's going to go up
or I think it's going to go down. And
you tell them, okay, let me tell you
what I think. And then you start
explaining to them, all right, well this
market structure is currently bearish.
So this is the lower high. This right
here is the lower low. Secondly, after
this market being bearish, this right
here is a respected area of interest.
And we also happen to be very near the
neckline of this head and shoulders,
which is a massive reversal pattern. To
add to that, when we go down to the 4
hour, the 4 hour is rejecting this 4hour
EMA. And when we go down to the 1 hour,
we're having a 1 hour pin bar rejection
from this area. They're going to look at
you like if you're a [\h__\h] mad
scientist, and they're going to be like,
well, you're talking Chinese, but you
know what? These are many things that I
don't know what they mean, and I guess
it makes more sense to sell than to buy
at this point. Just for example, right?
Just me right here. I pieced up a trade
to make more sense to sell than to buy.
That is all confluence trading is. Is
you get everything that I have been
teaching you, which is just very over
the top. And by the way, these are more
things that I can teach you later on.
But these are just very over-the-top
things that make the trade make more
sense, right? A better example could be
this trade, for example, right here that
I was interested in taking and I
happened to miss out. Or even this
trade, for example, that I was
interested in taking. We have the trend,
the lower time frame trend in our favor.
We break this area. We come back to
retest the neckline. We are retesting
the neckline of the area of interest. We
have had a shift of structure. We are
rejecting the area of interest. We are
rejecting the EMA and then we have a
massive bearish engulfing candlestick.
It just makes more sense to sell than to
buy. Confluence trading is literally
building the perfect trade setup for you
to have the most amount of confluences
in one direction or the other. Now, I
get this asked all the time. Is there a
minimum amount of confluences that I
would have in order to take a trade? And
the answer is no. Why would I want to
have a minimum amount of confluences?
Like, that just makes most no sense to
me. If I want to risk my money where my
money is going to be the safest, I I
don't know why traders have this
perception of high risk, high reward,
right? Or or people that just get
involved in trading, they think, oh,
whatever is high risk is high reward.
Guys, we are not in the casino. We are
not in the what's that thing that the
the the powerable. We're not in the
powerable. We're not in the lotto. We
don't want high risk. High risk actually
means low reward. A trade that has zero
confluences is high risk. And if it has
high conf if it has high risk and no
confluences, the odds of you winning
that are very low, right? So, you're not
going to have a very high return on
that. But now if a trade has eight
confluences for example that makes that
a very lowrisk trade and meaning it's a
very small chance that you're going to
lose. So it makes more sense to risk
more money on that and that is where you
in turn have higher reward. You have
high rewards on the lowrisk trades. Why?
Because you're going to risk more money
on trades that have less odds of losing.
You're not going to risk more money on a
trade that has higher odds of losing. If
it has higher odds than losing, I don't
even want to get involved. I want to get
involved when I have the least amount of
chances of possibly losing. And that is
exactly what confluence trading is.
You're building a approach to a trade
where it simply makes more sense to do
one thing rather than the other. Perfect
example is right here. This trade right
here, we were rejecting this very strong
area of interest. The daily time frame
was bearish. This is a massive bearish
engulfing pin bar rejection. I then go
down to the 4our time frame. We have a
left head and a right shoulder. We break
this neckline. I go down to the 1 hour.
On the 1 hour, we then have a another
left head, right shoulder. On the right
shoulder of the head and shoulders on
the 4 hour. We break this neckline. We
come back. We retest. We reject the EMA
and a massive 1 hour bearish engulfing
candlestick. I have just told you seven
different confluences in 5 seconds off
of everything that I've just simply told
you. Daily rejecting area of interest,
daily bearish engulfing candlestick,
4hour head and shoulders candlesticks.
Then you also have a break and retest of
that head and shoulders neckline. That's
another confluence. And then on top of
that, you have a head and shoulders on
the 1 hour time frame. break and
retesting that neckline, rejecting the
EMA, and then your entry signal, which
is the bearish engulfing candlestick on
the 1 hour. What else do you need for it
to make more sense to buy? Now, don't
get me wrong, there's going to be times
where you're going to have 10
confluences make sense on your trade and
then guess what's going to happen? The
trade will go in the opposite direction.
There's no guarantee at any given point
that the trade is going to always win.
No, but it just makes more logical
sense. That's why I tell people all the
time, I think trading is the the
ultimate hack to making money online
because I just think you can literally
predict the future by just having the
most amount of reasons on why it's going
to go in one direction versus the other.
The best analogy that I can put with
that, it's almost like if you're going
to go out there and go fishing, right?
Now, let's say you're going to go out
there and go fishing and you know
historically when the waters are calm,
when there is a very bright sunny day,
no clouds, and you're the only person
out there fishing and the tide is low,
for example. I'm not a fisherman, right?
I'm just making stuff up right now. And
the tide is low that the fish have
nothing else to do but eat and they're
going to be looking for food. What if I
told you that you can literally go, you
can literally just sit by the dock and
wait for the weather conditions to give
you that perfect condition and then you
go out and fish at those times? Why are
you going to go out and fish when it's
cloudy, when there's a hundred other
boats out there and when it's late at
night or late in the afternoon when
there's already been a feast? You won't
do it. It simply doesn't make sense.
You're going to go out there when it
makes sense, when you have all the
proper conditions for you to go out
there and actually go and fish. This
right here is you literally creating
your condition. You're just sitting on
the sideline, sitting here on the desk,
and you're going to wait for the market
to give you that perfect entry signal
for you to enter the trade. You're not
going to just enter any trade
impulsively just because you have the
opportunity to do that. Yes, can you
just get on your boat at whatever point
you want and go out there and fish? Yes,
you could do that. But you're going to
waste fuel. You're going to waste time,
waste bait, and then most importantly,
waste your own mental sanity because you
just want to go fish whenever you want.
And can you get lucky and catch one or
two fish? Sure. But that's not how
you're going to sustainably catch a [\h__\h]
ton of fish and make your family happy
and bring food to the house. You're
going to do that when you go do it at
the effective times where you're going
to be able to optimize and grow the most
and be able to actually do it the most.
And that's exactly what confluence
trading is. You're building the most
amount of reasons on why the trade
should go in one direction versus the
other. And it's all a checklist, right?
So, for example, you can build your own
custom checklist. You can build a
checklist, for example, just off of the
confluences that I have told you. The
first one could be trend. The second one
could be area of interest. The third one
could be entry. And then lastly, you can
have patterns. Right? So when you go
analyze a trade, you say, "Okay, we have
the weekly and then the daily in our
favor." All right, cool. That right
there, we have a double check. We have
two trends in our favor, right? So we
have the weekly and the daily in our
favor. Are we at a weekly or at a daily
area of interest? Well, right now we're
in neither. Okay, so you don't take a
trade if you're not at the area of
interest. You simply wait. Okay, cool.
Now we're at the area of interest. Bet.
We check that off the list. Now that
that we're at the area of interest, do
we just jump right into the trade? No.
You need your entry signal. Or you could
jump into the trade right if you want
to. But the beauty of the entry
checklist and the trading plan is that
you know exactly the type of trade that
you are taking. You're aware of the
decisions that you're making. you're not
blind to it anymore. You know that you
need these four confirmations for you to
take the trade. Now, I have my own
custom plan and I teach this to my
students literally every single week
live and I mention them and I review the
trades and stuff, but it's a very
in-depth checklist that I have and I
would literally lose you guys at this
point right now if I were to show it to
you guys. Like, I literally have it
right here. It's like my perfect
checklist. If I were to show you guys
that right now, you're going to be like,
"What the fuck?" cuz if you guys are
like already wow about certain stuff, I
don't even I don't even think you guys
are ready for this checklist. But it it
is consisted of this core base right
here. If a market is at a trend and you
actually have trending markets, that's
already a plus. If you have a solid area
of interest and you're at an area of
interest, that's already a plus. Now,
you need lastly your entry confirmation.
Your entry confirmation can be on the
lower time frames or the higher time
frames depending the type of trade that
you want to take. And then on top of
that, you have either a very clean
resistance area with a very clean area
of interest as a resistance. We have
broken out of this area. Now we're
retesting it. They have a trend
continuation pattern. Cool. You have a
break and retest. Or let's say that you
are having this retest of this neckline
and you're selling at this area of
interest. That area of interest also
happens to be the area of interest of
the neckline of the head and shoulders.
Boom. You have another confluence. This
is all about building the perfect trade.
These are the checklists that you need
to go through in order for you to build
that perfect trade. Does every single
trade need to have every single one of
these checked off for it to be the
lowest risk possible trade? Yes. Does
the every single trade that you take
need to have every single one of these
checked off for you to take the trade?
No. And that right there, ladies and
gentlemen, is the problem with traders
nowadays. Since you don't have to
mandatory check in somewhere or check in
with yourself that this is met, you're
simply just taking a trade to take a
trade and you're just entering a market
to enter a market with no real plan.
That is the problem with trading
nowadays and traders. They're entering a
trade without knowing where or why
they're entering it. And they don't have
any form of verification to confirm what
they're doing is correct. This right
here is the correct thing. This is just
a very simple plan. You're trading with
the trend. You're buying or selling at a
strong area of interest. And then you
have your entry confirmation. That right
there is such a simple trading strategy.
And I can agree with any trader out
there, whether they are any type of
concept trader that they would agree
with this right here. Even if we don't
see it eye to eye on our personal
strategies, which is like how you
actually optimize and get sniper
entries. Every strategy is built off of
this foundation right here. There's no
way. It's simp there's just no way. It's
not like an engine is just built of an
engine block off of a transmission and
off of a cooling system. Whether it's
going to be Corvette, Mustang, Nissan,
Toyota, uh, Infiniti, Lamborghini,
Bugatti, Ferrari, it's all going to
consist of the same thing. Engine,
transmission, clutch, and cooling
system. All cars are going to have that
no matter what. Now, some cars are going
to have better performing parts, but
it's going to have the same function.
And that is exactly what this is right
here. Some strategies are going to have
different ways on how to use the trend,
different ways on how to use the area of
interest, different ways on how to use
the entries or patterns, but it's all
going to be off of the same exact thing,
this core foundation of this trading
plan right here. And if you don't have
this plan right here checked off, you
should not take the trade. The trade is
going to be a high-risk trade. High risk
does not mean high reward. Having all of
these checked off will mean you have a
lowrisk trade which in turn means you
should risk more and then there you have
a high reward. Confluence trading has
completely changed my way of trading in
the markets. Has changed my life to be
completely honest because I actually
know exactly what I'm doing every single
time when I go execute a trade. And just
based off of this simple video here
today, you guys should be able to go
ahead and just use this basic foundation
successfully. and actually be able to
see a difference in your trading. This
right here is the game changer
personally for me and for all of the
students every single week in the
markets. Now, you might want to see me
actually break down this confluence
trading on an actual market. Like, you
might want to see me actually break this
down in real time and put it to
practice. Now, I'm going to be doing
that with you guys now on a trade that I
actually took and it made me $340,000
or something like that. And that trade
that I break down is a bit advanced and
I am going to say some of the terms that
you might not understand just yet. But
what I want you guys to do is pay
attention to the core things. Trend,
area of interest, and entry signal. So
now, if you guys don't understand that
just yet, once again, this video is not
going to go anywhere. I think it's best
if you just pause right now and go back
and watch and make sure that you learn
those things properly. So once you watch
me actually break this trade down live
and me executing in real time and seeing
the outcome of the trade, you guys can
have that, oh, okay, now I understand
and I get that. So me breaking down this
trade in real life, I show you guys
exactly where I was looking to enter, my
thought process behind it, and a little
bit of a raw version of how I trade by
myself when it's either in New York
session or London session and how I
approach the market. So I'm going to
break this trade down for you guys right
now in real time. Let me show you guys
how this goes down. All right, good
morning ladies and gentlemen. We got
another interesting week ahead of us.
NZDUSD right now the daily time frame.
We're extremely bearish. This is the
lower high. This is the lower low. And
as of right now, this is bearish because
of this lower high and this lower low.
Not this lower high or this lower low.
This is actually just a very strong
bearish confirmation within the lower
high and the lower low. We rejected this
area of interest very strongly and very
nicely along with the EMA. Now we are
potentially almost creating like a right
shoulder, literally a right shoulder to
reject under this previous structure
level. How we've done here in the past,
we've literally broken through this
area, retested it, and then sold off.
That's exactly what I'm anticipating to
happen here. The 4hour time frame, we're
having a very clean 4hour head and
shoulders. The 4hour is bearish. This is
This is just to pull back into the area
of interest and reject the area of
interest along with the EMA we've done
here. Now, we got to be on the lookout
because we did this last time. Literally
broke below, retested and had the
engulfing and we didn't. So, so this
area is not as respected as you would
expect. You see here, we broke below
once. We came back through and we just
completely violated and we didn't
respect it. We did it here once again
and we've done it here multiple times.
Just because you have a rejection from
this area doesn't mean that it's ready
to enter. So, I'm going to wait for a
bit more confirmation, and I want the
market to show me its hand first by
having a bit more of a push down, even
if I get a little bit of a worse entry.
That's fine. All I got to do is just
make sure that my risk-to-reward makes
sense. And then my stop loss anywhere
from 10 to 15 pips above this wick over
here. So, this is 13 pips right here. I
have to put it around 20 23 pips. And
then my takerit, I'm going to aim for it
to be somewhere around here in the lows
for a quick one to two. So, that's
NZDUSD. We have Euro GBP which we have
been waiting for this trade to come back
up into this area of interest for us to
sell. Price has not come back up into
this area of interest. As of right now,
we're kind of just waiting for the
market to do that. As of right now,
we're literally just setting and
forgetting until that happens. USD CAD
waiting for this to make it back into
this area of interest. We actually took
this trade last week. We got wicked out
and it went into some profit. Um but not
our final take profit. We're going to
wait for it to come back and potentially
retest this area of interest to then
buy. It's a very clean trade along with
very strong bullish moves. And ND CAD is
probably one of my favorite by far. And
as of right now, we are creating the
perfect left head, right shoulder.
And I am seeing that this is the
potential perfect area for it to have
the break of the neckline of the head
and shoulders to then have the retest
and sell. So, I'm not going to do
anything until we don't have that break
and retest confirmation in order for us
to sell of this neckline of the head and
shoulders and your JPY not that
interested right now. So, keep your eye
keep you guys updated and we'll come
back in a couple of hours. All right,
boys. Market update. So, this is how
we're looking on NZDUSD. Beautiful push
confirmation from the area exactly how
we explained it. Sucks a little bit
because I got a worse entry than I
wanted to. I knew I should have waited
for this wick pullback. So, I told you
guys as soon as we had this 4hour
bearish candlestick engulfing, evening
star formation rejection from the EMA
and this area of interest that I want to
wait for the market to show me its hand
first. That's what it did. So, we had
the continuation push. So, then here I
went I entered on off of this. I
probably have worse entries because of
like spread, but I always like to base
it off of Trading View. So, I was going
to wait for this wick retracement, but I
didn't. So, I just entered off of this
confirmation here. And I mean, it is
what it is, right? Not the best entry
that I wanted to have, but all I really
care about is overall direction. If this
4hour candlestick closes below the
structure point, I then anticipate for
it to have a small retracement and then
continue pushing to the downside. But it
is a very, very clean trade as of right
now. The daily closes like this, we have
very strong push to the downside as
well. 4hour time frame just very solid.
Everything just looks very clean. So,
moving very nicely.
Euro GBP, we're on our way to the area
of interest. USD CAD had a reaction from
this area. Don't don't really care about
this one. NZD CAD still waiting for the
break and retest below. And Euro JPY,
nothing. So, NZDUSD for now. We're going
to set and forget. So, put a little
marker just so we know exactly where we
last did our previous update. So, check
back in in a couple hours. That, by the
way, that was only like an hour ago.
Well, this is why you have to [\h__\h]
set and [\h__\h] forget. The last time we
did an update, it was here. It's having
the retracement seems to be on the 30
minute time frame. So, 30-minut time
frame looks like it's going to create
this very clean lower high, which
honestly, it's even better. I would much
rather for this to close with a strong
dogee like this and people be like,
"Wait, why doesn't that mean that it's
rejecting it?" Not necessarily. That
means that the lower time frames are
creating that structured pullback and
then the next candlestick on the higher
time frame will fill. So, it's going to
be more of an aggressive push in that
direction. But a little bit of a red
flag. Last time that we were here, we
did the exact same break, retest, very
strong bearish engulfing, and then guess
what happened? We completely reversed.
So, there's a probability of that
happening here because last time we came
here and rejected, we reversed. We
rejected. We reversed. Now, you know
what they say, third times a charm. I'm
not saying that's what's going to happen
here, but you know, I'm going to, you
know, see what goes down. All we got to
do is just set and forget. Whenever I
enter a trade, I commit to the trade. I
don't ever ever ever
enter a trade and then get out of it
before either hitting my stop-loss or my
takerit. Very rarely. There's obviously
a 2 3% chance. I mean, one out of every
20 trades that I do that, but it's not
what I like to do. Whenever I enter a
trade, I made a decision that my mind is
100% convinced that this trade is going
I've done all of the proper top down
analysis. I have done absolutely
everything that I need to feel
comfortable risking $100,000 behind this
trade. When I entered this trade, I was
on a nonchalant approach and the
decision the decision that I made was
based off of probability and my strategy
being made. Now, as soon as you click
that buy and sell button, you start
thinking different cuz now you're like
now now it's now it's real. Now the
money can actually get lost. You saw
some profits, now you saw some red. And
then your mind starts to change. And I
don't let that affect my decision at the
point when I took the trade because I
trust myself. I know when I take the
trade, I know what state of mind I was
in to take it. I know that I did the
proper analysis to go ahead and execute
that trade to the best of my ability.
So, there is no reason why I should [\h__\h]
with the trade if it doesn't hit my
stop-loss or it doesn't hit my takerit.
If you do, then you simply weren't ready
to go ahead and execute that trade when
you did. So, for me, we're just going to
keep setting and forgetting. So, we'll
update you guys in a little bit. All
right. Good morning, ladies and
gentlemen. In market update right now we
are a little bit in profit in our NZDUSD
trade. So we literally had the exact
retracement exactly how I anticipated.
We rejected from this high creating that
right shoulder exactly how I anticipated
it. Beautiful daily bearish push to the
downside. It's like a left head right
shoulder and then there's a left head
right shoulder within the right
shoulder. I love that. So so far it's
moving pretty decent. I would love if
this daily time frame can close with a
very strong bearish candlestick. We have
about six hours left in this
candlestick. So, let's see how that
does. The 4our time frame is still
needing to break below this structure
point to give us that confirmation that
we're going to have the push to the
downside. So, I'm going to put my alarm
down here to let me know once and if we
actually decide to do that. And on the 1
hour is looking pretty decent because
this is the 1 hour lower high over here.
This is the 1 hour lower low. And same
exact thing. If the 4hour body closes
below this, we create a new 1 hour lower
low and it's just going to be all
bearish to the downside from this point.
It pretty much should just be a just
free just a free run to take profit
zone. I should have I wish I would have
had a higher TP with a better
risk-to-reward because I could see it
reacting above this area, not making it
all the way to my takerit. But let's see
how that goes. Euro GBP just made it to
the area of interest. We just got the
alarm. So, I'm going to be waiting for
some entry signals to enter around this
area. Some decent break like bearish
engulfing candlesticks like this. Like
this. I'm going to be interested in
selling here. USD CAD. Wow. Wow. Wow.
Wow. Wow. Yeah, we got [\h__\h] didd it
over here, dude. Look at this [\h__\h]
Literally wake us out by three pips and
now fly fly take profit for a one to
four. You can't make this [\h__\h] up, bro.
It is what it is.
NZDC CAD right now is perfectly cooking
up the perfect left head right shoulder
having that bearish engulfing
candlestick right now from this area and
now it's just having a reaction above
this area of interest. Ever since the
markets traded from Biden to Trump what
I've realized is that the markets are
just not respecting the head and
shoulders at the right shoulder as it
should before. As soon as you get that
right shoulder to form, I would sell off
of that right shoulder and anticipate
the break of the neckline. Now I can't
do that. I gotta wait for the break and
retest because this doesn't respect it
the same as before. So, I'm waiting for
that extra confirmation. It's what you
should do actually, but before I was
just more of a DGEN trader and I would
just take it right at that right
shoulder and if I would have taken it
here, I would be in some draw down. But
the right thing to do is at the break of
that neckline. So, let's wait for that
to cook up and uh euro JP JPY nothing.
So, let's just keep setting and
forgetting. NZD
USD. We'll check back in in a couple
hours. All right. All right. All right.
A little update. A little update. A
little update. Hello. Hello. Oh, no. No.
Tell me. I I hope I'm [\h__\h] up. All
right. So, market update. We are up
around
$88,000 right now. So, this is our trade
right here. You can see we're up 88
grand.
It's funny because my screen is still
broken and I'm up 100 grand on this one
trade right here. So, definitely broke
below this structure point right here.
We're moving very nicely. Having a very
clean push to the downside and uh yeah,
I [\h__\h] forget. That's pretty much it.
This market hasn't rejected as much as I
want to. This is just absolutely
ridiculous. And NZDUSD is having a break
and retest. So, we're going to wait for
that.
So, for now, let's see how the daily
closes and we'll come back. We'll update
you guys. It's very strong movement. So,
let's wait. All right, boys. Little bit
of a market update. So, I spent pretty
much all day just in meetings. Worked
out a little bit. And this is how the
market's looking right now. So, very
clean continuation push to the downside.
We have stopped at this very strong
level of support. Exactly how we
anticipated. Right now, we are up a
solid,
let me show you guys this. Right now, we
are up about $123,000.
Oh, you guys cannot see that. We're up
$124,000
as of right now on NZD/USD. I'm not
going to lie, I went a little bit low
risk like a [\h__\h] [\h__\h] I should have
gone a bit more high risk. And
it is what it is. Usually I risk
anywhere from like 100 to 150 on this
trade. I went around like 70 60 75
and I like that the fact that they had
this strong bearish engulfing
candlestick but clearly that doesn't
really mean much when price reaches this
area because you know you can have a
strong rejection from this level plus a
strong bearish engulfing candlestick and
then the next move just be a massive
push up and this market was bearish when
it did this move here. Same exact thing
here. You could have a bro I'm talking
about this astronomical bearish pinball
rejection from this area reach this
point and then have a push up. Same
thing here. Very strong bearish
candlestick into this area then have a
push up. So exact same thing bear push
up and you so like it's a pattern that
has happened here. I personally believe
that this is the move that will break
through that. And if this is the move
that breaks through that,
boys, we're we're talking about massive
downside potential from from this here.
Like, this is literally going to be
massive.
Is it worth the risk? I I don't know
because I I got to be realistic with
myself, right? Because here we have a
massive left head, right shoulder. We
broke, we retested the neckline. Like I
see this having a just continuation push
to the downside. But I don't know if
it'll happen this week. Maybe it'll I
mean it is only Tuesday. We still have a
whole entire week ahead of us. What I do
know is this. If it does have the
breakthrough this area, obviously we're
going to catch much more risk-to-reward.
Let's say we're up a one to three,
right? One to four, right? Which is
awesome. But I do know that if it does
have that very strong weekly bearish
engulfing candlestick, we can have a
pretty big retracement to then sell.
Exactly how we did here. Very strong
break through this area. Then we come
back, retest, and then we sell. Like I'm
not too concerned about missing out on
money on this trade because I know it'll
make it. If it's not now, it'll make it
down here. So like, let's say I close
right here and then it does end up
having the full push. Would it suck?
Yes, obviously. because I missed out
essentially on free money. But I could
very easily catch these cells once it
does have that pullback. The pullback of
that happening is very high. Uh I'm just
going to keep my eye on it right now.
I'm very confident on my analysis. I
don't like that we are at this level and
previously it's obviously reacted from
it. I'm just going to keep my eye on it.
If right now on the 30 minute time frame
we break above this structure point
right here, I'm probably just going to
get out of it there and just call it a
trade and just not even look back. And
if it does somehow pull back up into
this area, then I'm just going to be
looking to enter new positions on it to
sell. But yeah, if it breaks above that
structure point, I'm just going to take
my profits and run. If it keeps going
down, I'm going to keep holding. So, I'm
going to keep monitoring this trade live
as it goes because this is a this can be
a really really really big banger trade.
So, I want to make sure that I'm on the
lookout for it. Euro GBP on the other
hand right now, the daily time frame has
had a very clean rejection from this
area. The weekly time frame didn't quite
make it up to this area of interest how
I wanted to. Even though this area of
interest, I could technically squeeze it
up and make it a little bit higher or I
could also make it a little bit lower. I
can make it something like this. On the
daily time frame, we have had this
pullback and we have had this this bit
of a of a rejection.
Not my favorite. It just h cuz if I
enter the trade here and I put my stop
loss somewhere around here. So let's say
this is 15 pips. Let's say we make it at
25 pips. And the next point where the
market will potentially have a reaction
can easily be this structure point right
here. structure point from this right
here will be a 1 to 2.5. Not a terrible
trade, but I do see some type of odds of
this just coming in here and giving it a
better rejection before actually having
a push. This is a perfect example right
here. Price actually came into this area
and then it rejected and even though it
did come back. Same thing here. It did
these little minor wick rejection but
then it actually brought some full body
candlesticks in there. So I'm just
trying to avoid some unnecessary draw
down or a potential wick out. We are
bearish. This is the lower high. This is
the lower low. We have had a very clean
H
if we can if we can break and retest
this little head and shoulders right
here, I'm going to take this trade
clean. If we break it clean, I'm going
to take this trade. I'm going to wait
for this to have a very clean break, a
clean retest, and then I'm going to be
interested in taking this trade to the
downside because I believe if it does
that, it will continue to have the push.
I believe if it doesn't do that, then
it's just going to have a full push back
up into here and then create a proper
body structure rejection from this area.
Because if we look at this for the
market structure for what it is, the
market structure technically hasn't made
it into the area of interest. We notice
the structure is not there. structure is
always the bodies, never the wicks. And
the bodies haven't made there. It's only
been the wicks. So, for now, damn,
that's crazy. You guys see this right
here? These are notes from 2022 that I
put here on Trading View. Monthly
bullish
on June 20th. So, that is literally
three years ago.
Jesus. I've been doing this for a long
[\h__\h] time. And some people in their
first week, they want to quit. Isn't
that crazy? USD card. Look at that. A
round of applause, ladies and gentlemen.
A round of applause.
USD CAD wicked out and flew to our take
profit for a one to four. Wow. We got
[\h__\h] diddied. D diddi straight
diddled the [\h__\h] out of us here. I can't
believe it. I'm I'm I'm totally lying. I
totally believe it. I saw it. I saw it.
I didn't see it coming, but it is what
it is. As soon as I got wicked out, I'm
like, "Oh, there it goes. It's going to
go straight to my take profit." Now, I
had to do that in order to go to my
takerit. Beautiful trade. I'll take this
10 out of 10 times. A lot of people are
always focused on how to avoiding these
wickouts, and these wickouts are
inevitable. The only way to avoid these
wickouts are very easy, ladies and
gentlemen. You want to avoid a wick out,
don't trade. That's all I can say. If
you're scared of getting wicked out in
the markets, don't even get involved.
When you get to the market, you're prone
to the risk and you're also exposed to
the reward. If you want the reward, you
simply have to be ready to take the
risk. Sometimes it's [\h__\h] Yes,
trust me, it is. It's part of the game.
But you know what isn't [\h__\h] That
you forget to place a takerit and
instead of it being a 1 to2, it goes to
a 1 to7. That's happened to me before.
And I don't know about you, but I don't
complain in those scenarios.
Free money, right? But I get it. Some
people want to only focus on the
negative aspect of trading, which are
wickouts like this, but never realize
the reward and the positive exposure
that you're put out there when you
actually take these trades. So, just put
those things into perspective when you
actually go execute a trade. Yes. Can
you get wicked out? Yes. Is it
avoidable? Yes. Don't take the trade.
Simple. So, USD CAD, very clean trade
for now. I'm not interested.
NZD CAD right now we are cooking up the
perfect left head right shoulder waiting
for this break and retest of this
neckline daily has had a very strong
bearish pin bar currently accumulating
at this area and there's not really much
that we can do other than just set and
forget I'm going to put an alarm here at
the neckline to let me know once and if
it does break it but yeah I can't really
take a trade until it doesn't do that
and Euro JPY uh looks like it's having
the move but I'm not really that
interested in it for now NZDUSD is our
priority
Euro GBP and NZDCAD. So, it's only
Tuesday. We're already up $120,000.
And uh I can see another trade. A lot of
people think that, oh, swing trading,
day trading is hard. It's not. It's
actually super easy because when you're
taking trades that have high probability
trade setups, you know, they they tend
to take their time to move in in their
direction. For me, holding a trade
anywhere for two to three days is a lot
more logical if the probabilities are
there rather than scalpers that they
want to enter in and out of a trade in
an hour and know if they won or if they
lost. Well, you're probably going to
lose more because the odds of a trade
getting wicked out on the lower time
frame is a lot higher compared to the
higher time frame. People always trade
in the lower time frames for whatever
reason because I want the trades to be
fast, but that's never going to lead
them to be profitable. I don't know. I'm
just ranting at this point. Let's check
back in in a couple of hours for London
session and let's see what happens.
Oh my
[Laughter]
what the [\h__\h] Oh my
god.
Yo, what the [\h__\h]
bro?
What the [\h__\h] We are up right now.
Yo, you can't make this [\h__\h] up, bro. We
are now up $330,000
off the same [\h__\h] trade. Oh my god.
Yo, I was literally going to I just got
out the shower and I was like, "Yo, let
me go back and do the trade update."
Saying that, "All right, for London
session, I'm just going to decide to
continue to hold." Holy [\h__\h]
Oh my god.
Oh,
what the [\h__\h] is going on?
Yo
yo NZD CAD, we're waiting for the break
and retest of the money line. Oh my god,
bro. We had the whole move already.
Yo, what happened? Was there some news?
What the [\h__\h] 1000 p.m.
What the I mean, ladies and gentlemen,
trade update. We're [\h__\h] lit.
Yo, we're up $337,000.
$340,000.
You can't make this [\h__\h] up. You guys
have seen the whole entire process of
this trade. Oh, I'm buying some crazy
[\h__\h] That's it. I'm buying it. I I I'm
I'm I'm going to buy another Bugatti. I
I I I gotta do something, bro. I just
made a $350,000.
Wow. Well, ladies and gentlemen, that
for you is a [\h__\h] perfect example.
Yo, hold on. Hold on. I got to I got to
Yo, I'm going to put this [\h__\h] on
Twitter right now. All the haters are
going to [\h__\h] hate this [\h__\h] Oh,
bro. I I I'm literally in shock. I'm in
shock right now. I'm in shock. I did not
expect this going to sleep right now. I
was literally going to go to bed early
to wake up early. Bro, this is insane.
All right, I'm going to focus. Ladies
and gentlemen, market update. NZDUSD
take profit fully officially [\h__\h]
hit. I am definitely going to close
this. It It could still continue to go
down, but I will be closing this in the
next 30 40 minutes. I have no intention
to continue to hold this. It's gone way
past my takeprofit and I am not going to
be greedy. I am going to know exactly
like I know exactly what I'm doing here,
right? I'm going to just take my profits
and close it out. We're at more than I
want to two. This is the situation where
you cannot get greedy. Let me post all
this [\h__\h] on social media real quick and
I'll be right back. All right, give me a
second. All right, boys. Update. So, I
officially closed the trade right now.
So, we closed the trade at
Jesus. We closed the trade at
$396,000
in profit. Can you guys see that right
there? $349,000
in profit. Sorry. Can't forget that
mother, bro. [\h__\h]
this [\h__\h] man.
Hi. You think I I see you. Come here.
Come here. Come here. Come here, you
[\h__\h] Yeah. Yeah. [\h__\h] with me.
All right. [\h__\h] with me one more time
and see what the [\h__\h] goes down. All
right. [\h__\h] [\h__\h]
But on a serious note, this is an
absolute phenomenon of a trade. This is
a beautiful a perfect trade setup.
Cannot ask for more. I literally closed
right at the bottom here at a one to
five risk-to-reward. Do I think this is
going to continue to go down? Yes. But
wow, that was a great trade. I am going
to be honest, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm not trying to trade for the rest of
the week. I'm I'm good. I'm good.
Like I'm literally good. This is insane.
This is insane. This is insane. This is
insane. This is insane. Wow. So, all I
can say, ladies and gentlemen, at this
point is I hope you guys enjoyed this
video. Trades like these are the ones
that turn a somewhat profitable month
into a very profitable month. You can't
anticipate for one to five
risk-to-reward trades to come. You can't
anticipate for massive moves like this.
All you could anticipate is how you're
going to react when the market gets to
your one to two risk-to-reward profit,
how mine was, and then you make the
decision to determine if you want to
continue to hold or not. That is the
only thing you can anticipate. That is
the only thing you can prepare for. You
cannot prepare for anything else. That
is the only thing you need to focus on
as a trader. What you're going to do
when it comes to decision making with
the market gets to a position like the
one that it just did right now. Are you
going to decide to hold or are you going
to decide to close? Now, regardless of
the outcome, let's say if I did close
this position at that point right there
and this market did this 1 second after
I closed it, would I have been mad?
Of course, right? I'm human. But you
know what I would have done? I would
have gone back to sleep and then I would
have just pretended like it never
happened the next night. 90% of you guys
would be dreading on those profits for
weeks, months, and that what it does is
that it gives you this constant negative
energy approaching the market. And it
will no matter what affect your decision
to the next trade. And that is what you
need to control. That is what you need
to master. how you're going to react
based off the decision that you make.
Cuz if I decided to close that position,
I need to be okay with the outcome,
whether it went back to break even or
whether it did what it did. And if it if
I decided to hold and now I reap the
benefits of taking that risk, now I have
to be ready to control my emotions. I
have to be ready and say, you know what,
I'm done for the week. or if the next
trade that I'm going to take, is it a
logical trade idea or am I just making
an impulsive move because I just made a
lot of money and I want to make more
money. If you notice, the first thing I
said as soon as I got back on here is
I'm done trading for the week cuz I know
myself. I know that now I feel like the
[\h__\h] and I want to go make another 300
and close off at a million dollar week.
But I'm not going to do that right now.
I'm not prepared for that. I those
weren't my intentions for this week. My
intentions for this week were 200 max
and I surpassed that. So, I know myself
and I stay true to my plan and my rules
and that's why I'm at the position where
I am. And that's probably the best piece
of advice that I can give you right now.
All right. So, you guys just saw me
break down that big trade that I took a
couple of weeks ago. And you guys saw
different ways of how I actually react
to the market when it does certain
moves. You guys probably saw some
terminologies that I've explained a
little bit deeply inside of this class.
other ones that I might have said over
the top like you know previous structure
point um some types of shift to
structure but it all comes down to the
core foundation of what I have taught
you guys in this video right here
everything that I have taught you guys
in this video is exactly what you need
to be able to understand that market
that I broke down 80%. The other 20% is
just simply based off of experience and
then actually having a bit more
knowledge when it comes to defining the
core points of my strategy, which is
like how to basically tie up all these
other extra confirmations, extra shifts
of structure, putting into intertwined
smaller areas of interest, a certain
type of engulfing after a certain time
frame. These are all things that you're
going to learn with time. But if you
notice the whole entire breakdown of the
strategy, everything of that trade that
I took was based off of trend, was based
off of an area of interest, a pattern,
which is head and shoulders, and then my
entry signal. So, I had to be extremely
patient when it came to actually
executing this trade as you guys can
tell. And when it came to the
take-profit placement, I had to be
extremely patient and almost a little
bit lucky to actually capitalize off of
it more than I should have. Now, a very
important thing when it comes to that
type of trading is that you obviously
are as unemotional as you possibly can.
Sometimes I overreact a little bit for
the camera. Sometimes I generally do
feel like that. But that doesn't let me
that doesn't affect my actual execution
of the trade or the way I manage it.
Like I follow a very strict plan. I
enter my trade. I get out when it hits
either my stop loss or my takerit.
whether I'm up a certain amount of money
for the day or whether I'm down a
certain money for the week or for the
month. I have pre-calculated the risk
before I enter the trade and I have a
full understanding of the position that
I'm in which is the most important part
in trading is literally understanding
the position that you are interested in
taking. A lot of traders once again
don't know what type of a position
they're actually interested in entering
into the market. And that leads me to
the next point, which is how to actually
do what I did, right? Make a lot of
money when it comes to trading. And you
can know the strategy all the way to the
end. You can perfect it exactly how I've
perfected it over the last four years.
But if you don't have a significant
amount of funds, you're simply not going
to make it in trading. Like I'm talking
about you can literally learn the
strategy, have all the experience in the
world, but if you don't have the proper
funds or the proper way on how to manage
these funds, it means absolutely
nothing. In my trading journey, it took
me about
a year and a half to understand the
market, 70% of how I know it now. The
other 30% of how I know it now is just
more intuition and a lot of experience.
But the core foundation of understanding
everything I've taught you in this video
took me about a year and a half. It took
me about another year just to learn how
to actually manage the money and how to
scale it. One thing is reading the
charts and then another thing is
actually trading with real money behind
it. The best example, the best analogy I
can put is like going to go hunting,
right? You can know everything about the
forest, right? All the animals that are
inside of the forest. You can know all
the possible trees. You can know exactly
how to load up your weapon. You can
clean it. You can align it. You can
polish it in the shooting range.
Everything could be great. And you know
exactly how to make the noises to
attract the animals. All the preparation
of going to go hunt. You know it
perfectly. But at the point of actually
executing and pulling the trigger once
you see the animal on your scope is a
completely different scenario prior to
everything that you've done. you can
analyze the markets perfectly. You can
actually have the strategy to the tea,
but actually executing that trade with
the proper risk management is where most
traders fail. Now, there's times where
they execute things correctly and
there's other times where they execute
things incorrectly and then there's an
unconsistency in their results. Perfect
example, back to the shooting analogy or
the hunting analogy. Let's say the first
time you go shoot an animal uh or the
first time you go hunt, you actually hit
your target and it's a success. It
that's going to give you a bit of a
boost of confidence. So, your next time
around to come hunt, you might not have
extra extra bullets. You might not
actually have your camouflage on. You
maybe have a smaller scope or you don't
take as long to get the proper aim. And
then on that next shot, you actually
miss your target. Well, then that's
going to decrease your confidence on the
third shot. Come the third shot, now
you're overthinking everything. You're
overp preppering. And then guess what?
You make too much noise. There's too
much going on. And then the animals
don't come. And then you scare them as a
whole. Now you're just a frustrated
hunter. And then you basically end up
hating the sport because you found
success at the beginning. And then what
ended up happening is that there was an
inconsistency on that success at the
beginning. And then you basically just
gave up on it as a whole. That's what
happens to a lot of traders. Traders
come into the markets, they might see a
little bit of money because they either
got lucky or made the right decision,
but then they get way too confident.
Then they start getting way too
comfortable and then they start being
unconsistent with correct things and
then they start getting too deep into
their head and now they enter this
negative spiral or even overthinking and
they have all of these opportunities
constantly being missed right in front
of their face. And this what ended up
leading into is traders just quitting
trading and they don't end up continuing
with this journey. Now this is a very
very very common mistake of traders in
any part of their journey and with any
part of the strategy and it's the risk
management and the money management
side. I personally myself I think I've
had one of the most legendary flips in
the industry which is turning a $100
into a million. And a lot of people know
me for this, but they don't know the
preparation, the experience, and how
many times I actually attempted to do
this. Like, this was not an easy task. I
attempted to turn a h 100red into a
million. I think it took me a year and a
half to actually complete this. I
attempted it one time after failing like
five times. I took the account from $100
to about $330,000.
And in one single week, I completely
blew the whole entire account. I took
about a threemonth break and then I come
back and I document the whole entire
journey again. Literally showing you
guys as transparent as it can possibly
be the before, the during, the after of
every single position exactly how I have
just done in this last position right
here that I have just broken down. I did
the exact same thing when I was taking
the 100 bucks into the mill. And if
there's something that I learned in that
journey more than ever and what actually
led me to the success, it's not the
decision making behind the trade, it's
the decision-m behind the actual trade
management and the risk management. When
is the right time to hold the trade?
When is it not? When is the right time
to risk more? When is it not? And that
is all based off of my clarity when it
comes to the charts because I know how
to read the charts. I don't need to read
more of the charts. Like everything that
I've taught you is everything you need
to know trading. I'm just repeating
myself at this point, but it's how I am
mentally when I'm going to go read these
charts. Did I just go have a bad day at
work? Did I just have go a great day at
work? Am I just looking to make some
profit because I I couldn't work this
week? Or am I just looking to double up
from the profits from last week? am I
looking to catch like everything is how
am I as a person when I am actually
going to do this trade management or do
this account flipper scale. So what I'm
going to be breaking down for you guys
right now is exactly how I took the
hundred bucks into a mill successfully
and unsuccessfully. The first time that
I did it and then the second time that I
did it. I'm going to break down the risk
management behind every single one of
these trades that I did. And you guys
can go see this challenge for yourself.
I think there's a 10, 12, 13 part
series. It took me about 3 and 1/2
months, nearly 4 months when I actually
completed it. And I have a full series
here on my YouTube channel. You guys can
go ahead and go watch it if you'd like.
But I'm going to summarize everything on
this video right now. So, let me break
it down for you guys. All right. So, I'm
going to break down to you guys the
exact math that I used to take the 100
bucks into the mail. Now, I'm going to
make this extremely clear right now. I
am not a financial adviser. I'm not here
giving you legal advice. I'm just
letting you know how I did this. And uh
I had some
great experiences at times and then some
other times it was not so great. And my
decision-m and my actual trade
management is what led me to completing
my challenge of taking a 100 bucks into
a mill, right? But just want to make
sure it's not financial advice. I trying
to educate you guys on how I did it
personally myself. So when people think
or people hear of me taking a $100 into
a mill, the first thing immediate red
flag is like impossible. It is fake. It
is not true. And I'm going to be honest.
I did not take a $100 into a million.
That is actually impossible. And I am
here saying this on the record. There is
no humanly possible way that I took one
singular $100 bill into a million. That
is just not possible. But what I did do
is that I did take the $100 into about
$400. And then I did take these $400
into about $3,200.
And then I did end up taking these
$3,200
into about $8,000.
And then I know I was at break even with
these $8,000 for roughly, let's call it,
two weeks. But then I took this $8,000
into about $15,000.
Then I took these $15,000 from what I
remember, I think it was around $30,000.
after taking these 15 to 30,000. Then I
know I lost it back to I think I think
it was 17,000 more or less. Then I took
these 17,000 all the way up to about 55
and then going from 55 everything was
pretty much history, right? We go from
55 to about 100, 100 to 300 and then the
300 we just finish it off on a full live
session. At no point did I ever take one
singular $100 bill to a million. What I
ended up doing is I am constantly
scaling and flipping this current
account balance to this, then this
current account balance to then this,
this to this, this to this, and then it
just constantly is scaling to the next
level where my end goal was to scale all
the way to a million dollars. and me
taking this account up to this one and
then up to this one and then this like
me taking this 400 bucks into 3200
taking this 3200 to 8,000 is with the
exact strategy that I have just taught
you in this video. There's just one
thing that led me do this successfully
and that is going to be risk management.
Risk management is what led me to be
able to successfully scale this account
and it's how I did it. So, I'm going to
explain to you how I properly did it.
And I'm going to be extremely blunt and
I'm going to be extremely
straightforward at this very point. I
did this because at no giving point was
this starting balance a significant
amount of money for me. I could have
lost the account from this point right
here. And I did when we made it all the
way to 333,000
I think or I think it was 308,000 or
something like that. I ended up blowing
this 308,000. It was what I had in the
balance of my MetaTrader 5. Now, that is
obviously a lot of money, right? Even at
the point where I am now, I'm extreme.
You know, I've made multiple seven
figures in trading. I recognize that
that's a lot of money. And so, that
could be life-changing to some people.
And some people might have maybe not
actually gone all the way and they would
have probably closed the accounts or,
you know, called it there, right? They
would have not made it all the way to a
million. But the way that I looked at it
is that I started off with a h 100
bucks. If I lose this $300,000, if I
even lose a million dollar out of my own
pocket, I'm only losing a h 100red
bucks. So the starting balance to me is
not a significant amount of money. So I
am able to have a much more aggressive
approach. And this is something that is
extremely
aggressive. This is something that I
personally do not recommend for anybody
to do. If you are a beginner, I
recommend that you actually, you know,
learn trading and then you start with a
significant amount of money that does
not mean something to you. So for the
first trade, what I always always always
do is I always risk 100% of the
position. So my first trade to me is
simply the most important trade because
you simply need to get out of the hole,
right? you need to fullport the account
until you are not able to risk anymore.
So, you don't even need to go to your
position size calculator and
pre-calculate your risk. If you have a
$100 account and you want to buy or sell
a market, for example, like the one that
I'm in right now, you just simply go to
your MetaTrader 5, you click on lots and
you just try and put the max possible
lots that you can. Now, two things are
going to happen. You're either going to
blow the 100 bucks, how I've done tens
of times, or you're simply going to then
scale your account to 400, 500, 300,
whatever point where your trade actually
hits your takerit. Now, once you get to
this second point, now you're officially
out of the hole. So, what you can decide
to do at this point is either one,
withdraw your original balance, which is
100 bucks, and then you're basically
just playing with the house money at
this point, and you have no risk. So you
should not have any care for what is
going to happen from this point forward.
The money is not yours until it's not in
your bank account. And if it's inside of
this trading platform that is not your
bank account, that money is technically
not yours yet. So you need to treat this
with a with a certain approach. I
personally myself on the next flip, I
decide to go ahead and then risk 100%.
Once again, after we then flip this
second amount of money to around 3,200,
here's where I'll decide to slow down a
little bit and then put the brakes on.
I'll either go from 60% to about 50%
risk from this point forward because
we're already around 2 3 weeks ahead,
right? Every single one of these account
flips that you're seeing right here,
these are weeks that are going by. And
to me, 3 weeks is a lot of time. And I
want to make sure that I'm not doing
something that it's just going to be a
waste of time, right? Because time is
money at the end of the day. And if this
were to be happening every day, sure,
like, you know, it's it's a lot easier
to move this percentage up and down. And
I could have been even more aggressive.
But since at this point in the
challenge, I'm already on the third
week, I don't want to be a whole entire
month doing this challenge for me to
just be overly aggressive and then
potentially blow the account. That's why
I start to minimize my risk. And all of
this is by simply executing one single
trade. I'm not taking five trades a
week. I'm not taking three trades a
week. I'm not taking I'm literally
taking one single trade. what I'm doing
and the best analogy I know I have a lot
of analogies but the best analogy that I
can put to this is I am literally a
baseball player standing at home base
and I'm getting pitched a ball every
single minute and I'm just standing
there on home base and I have endless
amounts of pitches. The the pitcher is
just a robot just going to keep throwing
balls, keep throwing balls and I'm not
obligated to swing at any point. I'm
just there standing at home base waiting
for that perfect pitch and I know that
if I strike I'm out because I'm risking
such a high percentage amount in the
account. So I want to make sure if I am
going to swing it is going to be a
perfect pitch and I'm going to be ready
for that perfect swing. Is there times
where that perfect pitch has come and
I'm simply tired of standing at home
base and I don't swing? Yeah, of course.
I will not swing until everything does
not align because I know if I if I
strike if I miss, I strike out and I'm
done. I can't continue to play. So, or
and in the trading term, you simply blow
the account and you cannot continue to
trade this account. You have to deposit
money again. So, my trade selection when
it came to these trades was extremely
precise. I would break down my 10
markets for the week and out of all the
10 markets that I had for the week, I
would really, really only focus on
three. And out of those three markets, I
would just wait for that one. It had to
be that perfect trade setup that gave me
the exact entry signal that I need that
I would be 100% confident that this
trade is going to go in my favor. And I
would make sure that if I am 100% wrong
on this position, I am totally okay with
it. I am totally okay if I give my all
on this swing that I strike out. Right?
Because I've been extremely pat I've
been extremely patient. I've seen a
hundred different pitches come by. And
have I missed out on some pitches and
they could have been home runs? Sure.
But you know what? I wasn't 100%
confident. And I am only taking that
position when I am 100% confident. That
decision making right there, that
experience, that intuition, that mindset
is what led me to properly take the 100
into the mill. Or better said, it's what
let me take the 100 into 400, the 400
into 3200, the 3200 into 8,000.
Throughout this whole entire challenge
that I did, I probably predicted
40 solid move setups. And I maybe only
caught seven, eight, nine, 10 max. I'm
not here to catch every single move. I'm
here to catch the right one. So after me
taking the 3,200 into then 8,000 is
where then I start to lower my risk even
more. So here I started to go anywhere
from 50% to around 40%. And the same
exact thing applies. I am only risking
this on one single position. If I enter
one trade for the week and I win, I am
done. I don't need to execute another
position. It's a one and done for the
week. If I lose a position for the week,
one and done. I am done for the week. I
will come back next week because I know
myself and I know how I react to the
market. And if I am entering a position
and I lose, I know myself and I know
that I'm going to want to chase that
loss back and gain back more profits. Or
if I were to win a trade, I know that
I'm going to want to win more for the
week. I want to end up more on top. So a
simple rule on how I minimize that is
I'm just simply a oneandone type of guy.
Win or lose, I am done. because I know
by the time that next week will come by,
my mindset will be so much more clear
that I won't even remember what happened
last week. So much time has gone by. Did
I break this rule a couple times
throughout the challenge? Yes. And if
you guys go see the series, you guys are
going to see how I hold myself
accountable because I know that I have
tens of thousands of people, hundreds of
thousands of people, millions of people
that were going to be watching this
challenge. And nobody was going to hold
myself accountable how I was. And I need
to set that standard to whenever you do
something wrong, you actually do
something about it. Because us traders
right now, I'm here in my office and I
can decide to click buy or sell on a
position right now. Nobody's going to
come and tell me that I'm doing the
right or the wrong decision. It's only
myself. Only myself is going to know if
what I'm doing is right or wrong. And I
need to have the mental clarity to
understand on what I'm doing is right or
wrong. If you're on a two, three week
losing streak or on a two, three week
winning streak and you're still a
beginner intermediate trader, I can
guarantee you you're going to you're not
going to have extreme clarity. You're
going to feel like the king of the
world. I've been there, believe me. And
as an experienced trader now, and as
I've aged, I think I've aged like fine
wine in the trading space. And I
understand the difference in between one
and the other. And when you're in a
challenge, when you're in a a series
like this, all this stuff starts getting
very murky. And if you don't set the
foundations from the beginning, it's
only going to end bad because you want
to get to this end goal as quick as
possible. You don't want to go through
four months of hell to get to this point
right here. What matters is how you set
the rules before you begin. And these
were my core base rules. After me taking
it to about 15K, at this point right
here, what I started to do is I started
to stay from around 40% to then 35%. And
then basically what I did from this
point on is I stick through this same
exact same risk management rule
throughout the whole entire challenge. I
never went below 35%. Maybe I went to
about 30% 27% depending on the the type
of trade, how long I predicting it was
going to be or if I could have even
actually traded. You know, I traveled a
couple times throughout this challenge
and I wanted to make sure that yes, it
was the perfect swing and it was the
perfect pitch, but it was just not worth
missing out on. And I'm personally okay
with risking a certain amount of the
account. Sometimes it worked in my
favor. Other times that it did. But the
most important thing right here, and
believe me, I I I cannot stress this
enough is going to be this right here.
this risk management and the decision
makingaking behind the trade that you
are analyzing. If you're going to enter
a trade, make sure that it's the right
trade. And then following throughout all
of this, what led me to the true success
is going to be this right here, RR,
risk to reward. This is what made the
difference from this turning from $100
into a million and that turning from a
hundred to a h 100,000. The difference
was risk-to-reward. Why is that? Well,
because some positions I would go for a
one to two risk-to-reward. Other
positions I would go for a one to4
risk-to-reward. And this one to four
risk-to-reward would take me out of the
hole. Like you can't even imagine
because let's say I'm trying to risk a
hundred bucks and then the goal is to
flip it. If I'm doing a one to two
risk-to-reward, that's just times two,
right? I'm taking 100 bucks to 200
bucks, right? Nobody cares. Just 100%
200% no big deal. But if you apply this
percentage going from 100 to 400, it's
far more of a strong base to then take
the 400 to 3,200 for example. Because if
I were just to have 200 bucks and then I
just apply the same exact one to two
risk-to-reward, it's taking 200 to then
400 bucks. So you just wasted a whole
week trying to do what you could have
done in one simple week by simply
continuing to either hold the position
or have bigger take profits on the
original trade that you're taking. So, I
always attempted to have every single
trade setup, always be a minimum of a
one to two risk-to-reward. This is
always going to be the minimum of every
single trade that I'm going to take. The
minimum of the risk-to-reward has to be
this because that is what's going to
lead you to profitability. That is just
a fact, right? But I would always aim
for the trade to have a potential of a
one to4 risk-to-reward because I'm
essentially getting another trade for
free. exactly what I would be doing
right here. I'm literally getting it for
free by just simply holding the trade to
then get a 1 to4 risk-to-reward. For
example, let's say I'm going to be
buying a position, right? I'm going to
be buying this trade. This is the area
where I'm going to be buying it. And the
minimum I would always place my
risk-to-reward ratio is going to be a
1:2. This is the minimum. No matter no
if, ends or buts. But I would always set
the trade to have a minimum of a one to
four. So if the trade gets to this one
to four, I know for a fact that okay,
you know what? Not only was it worth the
trade to be at a one to two, but it has
the potential to be at a 1 to4, meaning
I'm going to basically get a whole other
trade that I am entering right here.
It's like me entering two trades, but
without risking the second one. I'm
literally getting this one to four
risk-to-reward, which is two trades, by
only risking what I would on one. That's
where the money is because I didn't need
to have additional risk to make more
money. It's just the winning trade. I
let it be a continuous winning trade. I
didn't have to take another trade to
make more money. I didn't have to add
risk into the account for me to make
more money. I didn't have to overexpose
myself. I didn't have to swing again to
catch a home run. All I would do is just
let that ball continue going. Obviously,
in the baseball term,
can't really control where the ball
went, but let's just pretend like you
can decide when you want to let off of
of the bat, right? I would just continue
to hold on to the bat because the ball's
going to continue to go. So, this is
what literally changed the game for me.
Having the trades go further from the
takerit than what they already were
because what this would do is that I
didn't have to do anything else other
than set and forget. And that is what
gave me clarity because I didn't have to
be stressed about entering another
trade. That is what literally made my
job so easy because I just simply did
nothing. That also gave me confidence on
the next trade because if I do the exact
same setup and obviously minimum of a 1
to2 risk-to-reward always but with a
potential to be a 1 to4 that gave me the
confidence on the next position to do
the exact same thing. And when you
compound all of these positives on a
trade over the course of three months,
you're going to have a perfect equation
for success. It's just the simple truth
and you're following a proper strategy.
The odds of you failing are very low.
It's very unlikely. If you're taking one
simple trade setup a week and it meets
every single confluence and you have a
minimum of a 1 to2 risk-to-reward and
you have a potential for it to be at a 1
to4, why shouldn't you succeed? You're
following every single possible need for
the trade to make sense. Now, this is
the core foundation of what I did to
actually take the hundred bucks into 400
and 400 into 3200. hate saying that I
took a hundred into a million because to
be technical and to be real, I
technically took $300,000 into a
million, but the starting balance was
hundred bucks, right? But not to get too
technical, I want to literally show you
guys how I did this. So, what I'm going
to be showing you guys right now are
literal live footages that you guys can
go check out right now in the YouTube
channel, but I'm going to put it in this
video here of me literally showing you
guys the before, the during, the after,
and the explanation of every single
trade, why I was interested in entering
the trade, my thought process on
entering the trade based off of where I
was in the week, and if I had just won,
if I had slept, if I had not slept,
because that all influenced greatly into
my decision- making of the trade and the
end results of the trade, if I ended up
winning and how I reacted, if I ended up
losing and how I reacted. Because my
decision making throughout this
challenge is what led me to succeed and
to do this. Now, I've had tens of
students that have successfully taken a
couple thousand bucks into a couple
hundred,000. We have students that have
taken $15 into 304,000. And when I've
done podcasts and interviews with them
and I've met them in person and they're
inside the community and we chat, they
literally tell me, "Alex, the strategy
is amazing and your teaching obviously
let me understand the market." But it's
how I reacted to the market when I got
these opportunities that presented
themselves that led me do this
successfully. And I want to show you how
my mindset and my approach changed
throughout the whole entire challenge as
a person, as a trader, as a mentor
because I personally feel that challenge
made me the mentor and the person that I
am today because I went to I went
through a certain experience. I went
through a certain battle that nobody
could have taught me. There's no type of
trading in the market that could have
taught me that other than me going
through that myself. And nobody could
have told me what I was going to go
through. I had to literally go through
it because it was a immaculate
it was just it was just an immaculate
experience that led me to understand
that at no given point am I in control.
The market's always in control and I
have to understand when to be involved
and when to not. So what I'm going to be
showing you right now once again is the
real raw journey of the challenge. Pay
attention to the types of trades that I
am taking because I literally explain
everything that I have just taught you
inside of this video. Trend, area of
interest, and market structure. That is
what's going to lead you to be able to
make a decision if a trade is good to
take or not. So, let's get into it right
now. All right, guys. Good morning. It
is currently July 16th, Tuesday morning.
So, obviously, we stayed up last night
about like 3 in the morningish. I stayed
up to catch this trade and it was for no
reason. We are currently in the position
and this is literally the max that I can
honestly risk on the account. So last
night, remember that I explained to you
guys that I was waiting for the market
to have a body closure under this line
right here. So we had that body
engulfing candlestick and then I pretty
much entered on the little quick
pullback of the next one. And now that
was for no reason because all of London
session as soon as I fell asleep
literally did nothing. But the point is
that now price is pulling back into the
area where we entered. Usually what
should happen is that as soon as we
enter the trade, it just goes down with
the momentum of the session. Well, now
we haven't. But it is what it is. Enter
the trade. Set and forget. My prediction
is that now from here it is going to go
down. And as soon as I take the first
position, obviously you have to risk
100% of the account to even get out of
that hole. And I remember that I was in
draw down as soon as I took the trade.
I'm like, ah, here we go. Starting off
bad. And I think we were in draw down
about 35 bucks right at the start. So
then there it's either going to
completely blow the account or skyrocket
me out of it so I can give me the
badness that I need to then take on the
next week and follow the goal that I
have for every single week.
>> So I got it 1 minute ago positive $15.
Now we are about to hit margin call on
the account 1 minute later.
But trading is so funny. Oh my god.
>> But like always when the trade went into
draw down I wasn't going to panic. I set
and forget because worst case that can
happen. I just blow 100 bucks and I
start right again. And guess what
happened? Trade hit take profit.
>> Ladies and gentlemen, I'm sorry to
announce that
we have reached the goal for the week
actively right now. We are currently up
$330.
You guys can see here. Last night,
literally what I said happened once
again. So look, check it out. GBP JPY
right after that 1 hour bearish
engulfing candlestick. Literally the
whole momentum throughout London session
was that bearish move to the downside
had my takerit set at a 1 2 3.4
risk-to-reward. So meaning if I risked
100 bucks here then I would have made
$340
right here. As you guys can see that is
literally the math that is happening
right now. candlestick is going to close
in 15 minutes over here. So, I want to
see how this candlestick closes right
here in 15 minutes. And then based off
of that, I'll then make my decision. And
let's see if we can then this week flip
this $450 to then $800 or $900 because
that would put us really, really, really
fast into the margin that we need to be
in order for us to flip the $100 to the
mail a lot faster. It's currently 2:30
in the afternoon. Pretty much we closed
at $437
in profit. You guys can see here the my
effect book pretty much how it's looking
currently of $437. These are pretty much
the fees we got to pay. These are the
orders. Well, there's nothing open right
now. This is the history though. You
guys can see here both positions that we
ended up taking. That's the profit that
we closed in. And now, same [\h__\h] Gym
time. You know, it sucks. So, you only
get to drive one supercar now.
Lamborghini twin turbo just sold it.
Ybody is at the shop. The rear brake
caliper is broken. They're fixing it.
The Porsche, I blew the second gear on
the Porsche drifting. Uh Rolls-Royce is
finally getting them wrapped. Should be
done today or tomorrow. What other car
do I have? The Maybag. I'm not going to
drive. Oh, yeah. Oh, I sold the Scat
Pack. Got rid of the Scat Pack. Scat
Pack is gone. That was probably the
dumbest thing I ever bought.
Yeah, the side by side.
>> The side by side is in the shop as well,
>> bro. Half of my fleet right now is in
the shop. I only get to drive a Ferrari
right now. [\h__\h] We were up 430 bucks, I
think. And we hit the goal not only for
week one, but for week two. Meaning that
I didn't have to execute a trade next
week or the week after because this one
trade because we set and forget and we
caught a 1 to three risk-to-reward, we
outdid the profit that we were even
anticipating for this very same week
just to get started. So, we were off to
a very good start right at the
beginning. So, since the week was off to
a good start, I pretty much came to the
executive decision that, you know what,
we hit the goal, not only for this week,
but for next week. We're done for the
week. Let's not get greedy. Let's not
chase any trades. Let's just set and
forget for the rest of the week. And
next week, we'll come back with new
fresh market, new fresh mindset, and
then we'll pick up on the goal, which is
going to be then taking $400 to about
$900. So, then that's exactly what we
did. We did not take any other
opportunities, and then the next week,
we started off fresh with a new goal.
And if we were to hit it, we're then
ahead three weeks in the challenge,
which is absolutely beautiful.
>> It's week two of me trying to turn a
$100 into a million day trade.
>> So, like always, we started off the week
on Sunday swings, analyzing the top two,
top three markets that we're going to be
trading for the week. And we found some
solid markets where it can probably even
more double the account.
>> Account is still on $437.
We got, I think, seven solid markets in
the markets. Seven solid markets in the
markets. A lot of markets. A lot of
[\h__\h] money. USD JPY. So USD JPY has a
very clean left head kind of right
shoulder action going around here. We
broke the neckline. Now we are retesting
the neckline of the head and shoulders
along with the 1 hour EMA. 4hour time
frame looks absolutely phenomenal. We're
having a beautiful 1 hour bearish
engulfing candlestick. Looks like we're
having that pullback to retest that
previous structure level. And then the
daily time frame does not get any
cleaner than this daily previous
structure level. daily EMA. And then you
guys can look left. It is obviously a
level of resistance whenever we're under
a level of resistance whenever we're
under. And this line right here, what is
it? You may be asking a round
psychological level 157,500 or like the
smart money concept guys would call it
an order block. Potato potato. This is a
round psychological level with an area
of interest. So this trade is my number
one trade that I'm going to be
interested in taking this week. All I'm
really waiting for on this market. So
earlier this week, what I was waiting
for was this break. So that break
already happened and now this pullback
is actively happening. So I just got to
wait for price to go back into this area
so I can actually enter this trade. We
took the trade which was on USD JPY I
believe.
>> Yo
yo.
>> Oh,
[\h__\h] with me. Huh? [\h__\h] with me.
Literally USD JPY as simple and as
effective as it is. Look at this [\h__\h]
We literally had the retest perfectly to
the area of interest. The marabuzu
tweezer top rejection bearish engulfing
candlestick. I keep telling you, you
need an engulfing candlestick to enter a
sell or a bullish engulfing to enter a
buy. I'm laughing cuz the mic is moving.
So, the point is that we're in this
trade right now. Literally, we already
at $550.
If this [\h__\h] hits that take profit,
we'll probably be at like two threek. It
will probably even break the goal for
the week that we've been anticipating.
So, for now, just gonna
set forget. But it was taking a little
bit long. So, I'm not going to sit in
front of the computer all day and
basically do nothing. I just exactly
what I said at the beginning of the
challenge. I'm going to go play
basketball. I'm going to go hit the gym.
I'm going to go live my normal life so
it doesn't affect my psychology and I
can always have a fresh mindset when I'm
actually going to execute a trade. and I
treat the markets one thing and then my
life, my personal life is a completely
other thing.
>> You can either literally make us or
break us. It is currently 8:00 p.m.
Miami time. So, I think it's like about
2 hours or an hour and a half from the
last time I updated you guys. And set
and forget. Now, what we're going to go
do is pick up Jordan. And for those of
you guys that don't know who Jordan is,
he's actually one of my top students
where about 6 years ago, he was actually
working at aviation in a place like
this, but he wasn't flying the
airplanes, he was fixing them. He was a
mechanic fixing the planes that were
broken down, probably making 50 60k a
year. And he didn't want to live that
life. He wanted to have a obviously
successful life. And because of the set
and forget strategy, he managed to not
only get out of his job, but make
trading his main source of income in
just under two years, which is
absolutely legendary. And over time, we
become really, really close friends. So
Jordan obviously, you know, is battling
cancer and stuff, and his legs get
really, really swollen and I have a cold
plunge. So cold water helps with
inflammation. We're going to put him
inside the cold plunge in about like 20
30 minutes. So, we're going to pick him
up now and show you guys the whole
drink. All right, so this is Jordan.
We're going to take him out to the cold
plunge. It's going to suck, bro.
>> It's going to suck.
>> It's cold, right?
>> Cold plunge,
>> dude. It's going to [\h__\h] suck. But
I'm telling you, you're going to get on,
you're going to feel [\h__\h] amazing.
So, you know, we would pick him up, take
him to the cold plunge, and then drop
him back off. He actually gave me some
Mike Tyson signed gloves, which is super
sick because, you know, Mike Tyson's a
legend.
>> I told you I got something. It just came
a little late.
>> Oh [\h__\h] Oh [\h__\h]
No way.
Signed by the boy.
>> For me, it's a representation of Jordan
because he's a fighter fighting through
what he's doing. And obviously, Mike
Tyson is one of the most legendary
fighters. So, it's actually pretty cool
to have boxing gloves signed directly
from him. All right, guys. So, trade
update. We just left the gym right now.
Trade update. It's currently 12:30 in
the afternoon. So, like I mentioned
earlier, if that daily candlestick
closes under that previous structure
level, we're pretty much going to set
and forget this [\h__\h] for a very long
time. 4 hours looking good. We are now
currently up about $1,200 on the
account. So, going to continue to set
and forget. I think I was already about
like $1,200, $1,300 bucks. And I had a
decision to make. I can either close
there and hit my takeprofit for the week
or I can logically look at the markets
and realize that my analysis and my
strategy is indicating to me that this
trade is going to have a much higher
risk-to-reward ratio. So, what would I
do? The whole reason of me entering a
trade is to capitalize the most I can
from the gains. All right, guys. Trade
update. It is currently 317 in the
afternoon and we are up about,600
on the trade. And you guys can see here
that the market is about to close. Well,
you guys can see that the market is
about to close in 2 hours. So, this
daily candlestick will close about an
hour 42 minutes and it's honestly going
a lot faster than I anticipated and
we're definitely going to close under
that previous structure level. This is
why you set and forget your take profit.
You never put a takerit. You always put
a stop loss to minimize your losses. You
never put a takerit. You never want to
minimize your losses. So, this trade, we
just continue to hold and set and
forget. And this is where I'm preaching
to all of my students. I'm actively
monitoring the markets, seeing how much
more can we continue to go in one
direction because I'm a protrend trader.
I trade with all the time frames in my
favor. So the trade continues to go in
that direction on the long run. You want
to trade with the trend. The trend is
your friend. So in here is where I
continue to set and forget and analyze
the markets. And the trade went from
a,000 in profit to 2,000.
>> Currently have about $1600 on the
account. So we're up $2,000 to 3,000.
God damn.
>> Wow, bro. Wow.
>> How long did it take you last year to do
this?
>> This is probably almost a month last
year. That shows you how much better of
a trader I've become. I'm so much less
attached to the profits and of the money
behind this, bro. That's crazy, dude.
And keep in mind, goal for the week was
900. So, if I close at this point, I'm
ahead by six weeks in the challenge,
cutting the end goal of training the 100
into the million to then maybe in two
months. So, at this point, I'm [\h__\h]
hyped. So, then as we're like halfway
through the week, I'm basically living
my normal life, drifting, um going out
to the gym, just doing whatever I got to
do. I realize that, you know what, 3K
more than enough. I can see the trade
that it can potentially have a reversal
because the structure is starting to
shift. So, I closed my profits there.
>> You guys can see right here that the
account is at officially $3,000. You
guys can see here on the my effects book
pretty much uh where we started the
account with the current balance. This
updated two days ago. You guys can see
here the history. These are all the
trades that we have taken. Obviously,
two trades on GP JPY, one trade on USD
JPY. And I did not take any more trades
for the week on week two because I'm
well past the profit that I need.
There's no reason on me to go chase and
add new trades. So, I simply set and
forget and then we pulled up to the next
week where then the goal was to take 3K
to 6K. Last week, we turned $437
into $3,000. Same thing as always,
getting on Sunday swings, analyzing the
markets with my students, finding the
top two, top three markets that I'm
going to be trading with that very week.
Then my goal is to take 3K to 6K. And at
this point in the challenge where I'm at
3K, I no longer have to risk 100% of the
account cuz one, I'm already ahead by 4
weeks. And my goal once I get to about 3
to 5K is to minimize my risk on the
account to about 50 to 75%. Meaning if I
take a losing trade, I don't start back
at zero. At least I still have some
ammunition to then kick back and get
started right where I was for the profit
that I should be for that week. So in my
mindset, technically, yes, I did lose
some time, but I lost time that I
gained, not time that I where I should
actually be in the challenge. So for
example, let's say I took a loss on the
3K account and I'm go back to the 900.
Well, it's technically where I'm
supposed to actually be for the
challenge for that week. So, it gives me
the freedom to be able to actually do
that because I'm so ahead in the
challenge.
>> All right, guys. So, market update. It
is currently 9:49 in the morning. We are
officially in the trade. So, I literally
entered. Let me before that, let me show
you guys the time, right? So, what time
is it right now in Miami? I come over
here. I refresh the website. 9:49 in the
morning. So, literally to show you guys,
we just entered the trade. So, look,
pull up here. So, you guys remember how
I literally just mentioned that we were
going to have a pull back into this
level to then sell. So, we literally had
that pull back perfectly. I went exactly
to where I didn't go exactly to where I
anticipated, but got really close. I
entered it. And just to show you guys
proof, I was just recording for
Instagram right now. As soon as we enter
the trade, we're literally like using
margin and [\h__\h] because we entered the
trade pretty much risked everything. So,
I just wanted to show you guys that. But
now, we're officially in the trade. We
are up $400 on it currently right now.
Like always, have to show you guys that
it is a real account. So you guys can
see right here that it is indeed a real
account. You guys can see where the
account is currently sitting and we're
currently now going to just wait. But I
explained to you guys perfectly this. I
explained to you guys the break and
retest here. I entered at this next
retest where we should have waited for
it here. We should have waited for the
break and retest here to then sell. But
then this didn't happen here. But it did
happen here. We then entered after the
engulfing which ideally we should be
entering up here. So then on week three,
we started off with a new trade that we
took and we pretty much went straight
into draw down about 50% draw down in
the account, which is totally fine. I'm
okay with it. I don't mind the swings.
But I continued to set and forget and
then the trade and the trend ended up
going in the favor where I ended up
analyzing and then the trade actually
went back into profit. We're about 5,000
floating in profit. Keep in mind, my
goal for the week is actually 6,000. And
like always, I'm updating my Telegram,
Discord, Instagram, every like I'm mass
social media blasting these trades
everywhere. So, I'm not the only person
that's in profit or in loss. Like,
there's hundreds of thousands of traders
all around the world looking at the same
market that I am. People in Africa,
people in London, people in the States
going through the same journey that I'm
going through because if I'm making
money, you're making money. But if I'm
losing money, you're losing money, too.
And I always have this belief that in
order for you to receive, you have to
give. So, I'm at this point in the
challenge where I need to receive,
right? I got to make back some of these
profits. I'm like, you know what? Let me
give my boy Sensei a little gift. A M
Blanc pen. One of 10 in the world. So
this is a very special edition watch. So
this is a Muhammad Ali M Blanc watch. So
you see it has like Ali through here.
>> And then you see the Muhammad Ali
everywhere throughout here. You see the
Muhammad Ali everywhere throughout here.
>> Pen was like $3,000. I don't even think
this guy appreciated that [\h__\h] But you
know what? I don't care because when I
go look at my trade that same night, we
were up about $9,000 on the account.
>> So, right now, we are currently floating
about $6,000 in profit. The account is
currently at $9,000 in equity. And you
guys can see this trade right here is
literally continuing the momentum to the
downside. Just continuing this set and
forget trend. That's why you got to
trade with the trend. The trend is your
friend. So you guys can see the 4 hour
close very strong. I am going to just
continue to hold this trade. Uh if
tomorrow closes under this line right
here, not this one. I'm just copy and
pasting. If the candlestick closes under
this line right there, we will probably
turn this into over
$15,000
easily. So let's wait for now. Simply
just set and forget. So, if you want to
receive something, first you got to
give. And I actually put this to test
later throughout the journey and it came
back 10 times more. So, a little bit
more on that later in the journey. And
then the usual happened every single
time. You set and forget. The trade
ended up going to 15,000 [\h__\h]
dollars. 15,500.
So, exactly what I was mentioning to you
guys earlier. I have to see like you
can't just close a trade right away,
right? Cuz you got to look. So,
obviously, we're going to close a trade
because we wanted it to close under this
line. Well, under this right here and
actively looks like we are piercing
through that. So, this candlestick
closes in the next five minutes as you
can see right over here. And if this
candlestick closes under this line, it
will mean that it closes under this
structure point. And then there, I truly
do believe that it could then easily go
from here to then this point right here.
So, right now, we literally got to wait
the next 5 minutes. If it closes above
like that, I'm going to close it right
then and there. If not, I'll squeeze it
in for the little bit extra right here.
And just to show you guys, we're up
about 15,100
right now. [\h__\h] bro.
Trey started reversing on me, dude. Look
at this, bro. [\h__\h] Trey started
reversing. We were up like 15,000 here
and now, bro.
Like I said, I forget too much, bro.
It's like we closed the trade like 2
hours ago. So, right now, it's currently
12:30 in the afternoon. Right here, you
guys can see where the account is. It's
officially closed at $15,000.
You guys can see right here in the
history. So, you guys can see that we
officially closed this trade at $12,200
in profit. So, we closed it earlier,
literally as soon as I told you guys,
pretty much after it closed that line.
So, it did make it all the way up to
this structure point and then it had a
reaction. So, pretty much exactly what I
explained, it's going to have a reaction
from that structure point right here.
And if we follow this line, it's exactly
what it did. So, our entry points are as
precise as they get. Our stop losses,
our takerit, everything with the seven
figure strategy, [\h__\h] sniper. Yo, the
goal for the week was 6 grand. We are at
$15,000.
So, if we were to close at 6 grand this
week, the goal for next week was to turn
6 to 12. So, we just did this week and
next week's goal. Oh, [\h__\h] We should go
on a vacation.
We're ahead of schedule.
>> We should just [\h__\h] off for 2 weeks,
right?
>> Keep in mind, I'm looking at the numbers
on the screen because you guys like to
see it. I hate looking at the Metatrader
and the money go up and down. I hate it.
It [\h__\h] with your mind. I only like
looking at the charts because what
happens in the charts directly
correlates with what's happening on the
numbers. What happens on the numbers
does not mean that that affects the
charts. The charts affects the numbers.
I only like looking at the charts
because I can make a logical decision
based off of the price action. I can't
make a logical decision based off of me
being up 5,000 or 6,000. What connection
does that have to the charts? Zero. So,
I started implementing that and
educating people on it. And they
everybody kind of had like a oh, an aha
moment. They're like, oh, you know what?
That does make sense. I should only look
at the charts and not the numbers
because if you focus on the structure,
the structure is going to equal the
money. This is like the prime where I
was in the challenge in terms of ahead.
Like I had so much time ahead of what I
anticipated to have that I felt like the
king of the world at this point. So we
ended off week three closing at about
$15,000 in profit where then the goal
for next week was to then take the 15k
to then 30k. It's week four of me
turning $100 into a million. Last week
we were trying to turn $3,000 up to
$6,000. Now the next week actually
started off kind of slow. No trades
towards the beginning of the week. So,
we kind of just had fun. Jim, drift. Uh,
I think I bought a dope art piece from
Atlanta. Atlanta just pulled up. So,
Atlanta just did a collab with Trump
where he pulled up. He actually signed
one of the paintings that he did. I
actually have a bunch of Atlanta paint
throughout my entire house. But, I just
got two new posters. Going to give one
to one of my family members are all
about Trump and I want to put one on the
wall. I think this is a legendary ass
picture and then Arana did itself. Let's
go check it out.
>> Oh [\h__\h] So, this came in a frame with
everything.
>> Yeah. You got the first two. Literally
the first two.
>> Okay.
>> So that's that's basically where he
signed it on the on the original one.
>> Yeah. But this that's my signature.
>> Oh, okay. So yeah, but he said like
somewhere.
>> Exactly. Yeah.
>> Okay. Oh, wait. So this is one out of
47.
>> Yeah. One and that's two
>> and two out of 47.
>> Oh [\h__\h] So I got the real
>> appreciate you, bro. This is lit. So,
for people that don't know, I was the
first person that trusted our lander to
paint a Lamborghin.
It's crazy.
>> He hit me up. He was like, "Yo, I'm
going to do art basel." What was that?
>> 2022.
>> So, yo, I want I want to paint your
Lambo and Art Basel. And I'm like, dog,
I don't know. Sounds a little crazy. I'm
like, you know what? [\h__\h] it. Let's do
two Lambo. So, we did my hood and it was
Sensei's whole entire.
>> Mhm.
>> Then we did the rolls.
>> The Dawn.
>> Oh, yeah. That's right. the D.
>> Look, I you know I have this painting.
>> Oh, the Kobe.
>> Yeah.
>> Damn. I haven't seen this one minute.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Jordan gifted me this one.
>> Yeah, I remember that.
>> But then the unexpected happened. Well,
kind of expected because I started
getting bored in the challenge. I'm so
ahead. I feel like Superman. I'm winning
every trade. I'm ahead by four or five
weeks. I feel like I can take any trade.
So, the market wasn't giving me protrend
trades, meaning having markets that have
every single time frame in the favor to
trade with and there was just nothing
available that checked out everything in
my trading plan. I had to do something
degenerate, take trades that I shouldn't
be taking. All right, guys. Market
update. So, I spent the morning kind of
just focusing, locking in, diving on
this trade to see if I was making the
right decision because we have
officially taken the most degenerate
trade of the whole entire [\h__\h]
challenge. The biggest counter trend
trade. It's such a den trade that I did
not risk 100%. I risked 20% on this
trade. So, to show you guys currently
market update and we are negative about
$500 cuz we literally just entered the
trade as the candlestick just closed
right now. So yesterday on EuroUSD, I'm
sure you guys can remember that I was
anticipating for price to have a sell
from this point up here to then reject
and then for price to actually make it
all the way down here to then have the
actual buy on EuroUSD because we're
anticipating for Euro USD to make it all
the way down here, reject this level,
and then head to the upside. Since we
broke out, we never retested it. So
we're expecting for that retest. And
here on the 1 hour you can very very
clearly see that we are creating a
potential left head right shoulder.
Again it's not a confirmed right
shoulder and so we don't break under
this neckline but I believe what it's
creating right here it's such a strong
level of accumulation looks like a 1
hour double top 30 minute time frame. I
see it I almost see it like squeezing
into this inwards uh triangle whatever
you want to call this. Again, I hate
trend lines and I hate all this stuff
cuz they're very subjective, but you can
literally see how price is squeezing
into this area. And I personally believe
it's going to have more of a reason to
burst down than burst up. I could be
completely wrong because I don't believe
that this area that is rejecting from
right now is going to be the area to
continue pushing to the upside. I think
such a strong move like this has to have
a deeper retracement before actually
heading to the upside. So when I go down
to the 4our, this 4hour candlestick
still has about 3 hours to close and the
last one closes a very indecisive
candle. I think this next one can engulf
close under this which then on the 1
hour, it'll give us the break under this
neckline of the head and shoulders. If
you notice, I put my stop loss a little
bit right above this level because if we
pretty much break above this, the trade
is just going to keep going to the
upside.
>> Oh, that that doesn't seem very good.
>> I'm not good.
I mean, I called it, you know, I don't
really care. Um, I'm glad that I ended
up getting that out of my system. I'm a
[\h__\h] idiot, bro. Like, I mean,
technically, we're still in the trade,
right? So, it could clearly reject this
level right here, so it can literally
have the same reaction to the downside
and then this same reaction to the
downside. That's why I'm very strategic
with my stop-loss placement. But, the
trade that I should be taking is at the
break and retest from the neckline of
the head and shoulders. Like, I know
this. I I know this, you know, I just
decided to want to get involved. But,
I'm not mad. doesn't really set us back
much in the challenge. There's an
unnecessary loss. Well, not a loss yet,
but it's just a trade update. So, it's
just like an hour later from the last
time that we took the trade. So,
yeah. Now, we just got to wait. And this
is what a lot of you guys do. A lot of
you guys do this. A lot of you guys will
take trades that you shouldn't be
taking, but you guys won't put the blame
on yourself or hold yourself
accountable. I know exactly what I did.
I did the wrong thing. Now, do I accept
it? 100%. You guys, when you do the
wrong things, you don't accept it.
You're ready to put the blame on the on
someone's strategy, on the markets, on
anything but yourself. That's what once
you start having that self-recognition
is once you start developing a
nonchalant character for trading in the
markets. And that's how you truly become
successful because you realize that your
success, whatever the outcome is,
successful or not, is 100% because of
you, not because of another outsource.
Like I'm the one that clicked the sell
button. The phone didn't click it just
for me, you know? So, for now, set up
for
I can't do this one.
>> Yo, that's a sign that we shouldn't.
We took the first [\h__\h] loss in the
100 to the middle count.
>> [\h__\h] man. And uh yeah, first loss in
the challenge and I said, you know what,
this loss isn't because of my strategy.
My strategy works. There was just no
opportunities that week that align with
my strategy. I decided to be a slick
ass, wanted to be smart, and take trades
that I shouldn't because I was bored,
because I felt like I was Superman. And
this is the week where I decided to
implement a punishment. every single
time I break my trading plan, I then
have to do something in order so I hold
myself accountable because again,
there's hundreds of thousands of people
watching these videos, uh, following all
the trades, making money with me, losing
money with me. And I don't mind losing
money if I am following my trading plan.
But if I'm breaking my trading plan, I
do mind losing money because I shouldn't
not be doing that. I should only lose
money when I follow my trading plan. So
whenever I don't follow my trading plan,
there has to be a punishment. And that's
where the beetle came in. I have owned
Lamborghinis,
Ferraris, Porsches,
Rolls-Royces,
>> McLaren,
>> McLar bro, McLaren. How can I forget
about that? But this right here is going
to put the biggest smile on my face.
Biggest.
Don't show them just yet.
This right here is my new
masterpiece.
Yes,
bro.
Perfect. Perfect.
yeah. We're getting a haircut on
Thursday night instead of tomorrow. We
always get a haircut Friday morning.
We're getting one tonight cuz Eric is
not available.
>> What the [\h__\h] is that? What do you mean,
bro? What is that [\h__\h] My new part.
You don't like it? That's fake. That's
fake. Just park up. Park up.
Let me Let me explain to you guys the
real moral behind this car right here.
So, this is so I follow my trading plan
and my trading rules. Obviously, I have
a [\h__\h] ton of cool cars, but this is
going to humble me every single time I
break my trading plan. This week, I have
broken my trading plan twice. Meaning
every single time I break my trading
plan, I cannot drive any of my cars for
24 hours. The only car that I can drive
is this for 24 hours. So what is that
going to incentivize me to do? To not
break my trading plan. Every single time
I break my trading plan, I have to drive
this for 24 hours. That's just the price
and the consequence that I have to pay.
What do you think?
>> You [\h__\h] stuff.
>> And it's manual.
>> It is.
>> Yeah, it's four. It's four-speed. Wait,
you going to drift it? That's just 1966.
Oh, wait. Sense is here.
>> Give me a
>> You don't like it?
>> No.
>> Sorry.
>> Give me a Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You like it?
>> We're going to be blessed if we get a
[\h__\h] whiff of air in that.
>> No air. Oh [\h__\h]
That's
Oh [\h__\h]
>> All right. All right. All right. All
right.
Oh, we out. Oh, dude. It's not that bad
at all.
Oh, this is fantastic.
Oh
>> yo, it barely has
>> Oh my god.
>> Oh, it has no brakes.
>> That thing is leaning, boy.
>> Is it leaking?
>> No. Leaning. Leaning.
>> Leaning what way?
>> Like this?
>> Really?
>> Hey,
follow your training plan. If not,
you're going to be like me.
>> Oh [\h__\h]
>> [\h__\h] beetle. And I leave so much by
example that I went to go do some
student podcast with students that have
made over $100,000 with my strategy. And
instead of me pulling up in a super car
and taking them for a cool journey as I
normally do, I pulled up in the Beetle.
Even the students were making fun of me
cuz they expect for me to pull up and
show them the lifestyle. And I showed
them the real lifestyle. I broke my
trading plans and now I'm driving this
piece of [\h__\h] And I wanted to show it
as an example to them. Like, yeah, all
right, cool. My student made 100,000,
but buddy, I want to let you know you
need to have something to hold you
accountable how I am right now. because
if you don't, you're going to probably
end up driving a car like this. So
that's why I led by example and to
showed the students live in person that
they need to continue to follow the
training plan to be successful. The
moment they don't, they're going to end
up in a car like that. It's kind of a
funny way to look at it, but it's the
reality of the situation. This is where
the humbling begins. You guys know how
much I love driving my Porsche GT3 and
driving it like a man and driving my
Ferrari and driving it like a man.
But man's got to do what a man's got to
do, and a man's got to pay the price.
And I'm doing this to show you guys that
I'm holding myself accountable for
breaking my rules. And as you guys can
tell, I've already attempted to drive
this vehicle. And uh today starts the
24-hour clock where I will only drive
the Beetle. What name should we give the
Beetle? Keep in mind, it's a 1966
Volkswagen Beetle. It has the original
engine, four-speed transmission.
I tried turning it on earlier. It did
not work. We're going to try again right
now. So, this is to show you guys that
I'm going back to my roots of me
literally having to hold myself
accountable when I do something wrong. I
don't want to do this. But if I don't
follow my trading plan, I will no longer
be able to drive a [\h__\h] Ferrari or a
Porsche. I'm going to probably be
driving some [\h__\h] like this. So, I'm
going to keep following my trading plan
so I don't end up in a [\h__\h] car like
this. Please turn on
What name should we give it? Should it
be a he? Should it be a her? Come on.
Come on.
Work my way up.
Watch. You guys know about this. What
profitable trader knows how to do this?
Heat. Heat.
All right. Yeah, we only got space for
two.
>> Oh. Oh,
>> yeah. Let's just push it. Let's push it.
So, we ended off on week four with the
first loss that we had in the whole
entire challenge. So, this was a big
uppercut to my ego because to this
point, I felt invincible. I literally
felt like I could do anything. I could
win every single trade. It's week five
of me trying to turn $100 into a million
day trading. Last week, we ended up
taking two unnecessary losses because I
broke my trading plan. So, we started
off the challenge with about 8,000,
which is where we left off last week
because we took the account from 15 to
8,000. So, at this point in the
challenge, I am not scared to execute a
position. I'm being a little bit more
selective. So, I actually avoided some
wins that I could have taken, but I also
avoided a couple of losses that I could
have taken. And funny enough, because
some of my friends were actually calling
me in the middle of the week saying,
"Hey, you're going to get enter this and
enter this." I'm like, "No, dude. Trust
me, I'm not going to enter these counter
trend trades. I don't want to drive to
[\h__\h] beat him. My god, what the [\h__\h]
Oh, wow. I just saw this right now. So,
I'm actually laughing because one of my
friends called me earlier. He's like,
"Yo, what should I do with NZDUSD? I
entered earlier this week, Sunday night,
when you sent it out on Sundays." This
is one of my friends that I went to high
school with. Literally, one of the only
close friends that I have outside of,
you know, my my team. And he told me,
he's like, "Yo, should I close NZDUSD or
do I hold?" I'm like, "Dude, if you hold
it can have the risk of having a
pullback. I don't think you should hold.
I think you should close." He's like,
"No, no, no, no. I'm going to set and
forget." I'm like, "Brother, you have to
know when to set and forget and when to
not set and forget. This is not the time
you don't want to like not close this
trade." And I'm laughing cuz I know he
is. I don't I'm going to call him. I'm
going call him. Yeah. So I'm that friend
that I'll call you a 100 times. I don't
give a [\h__\h]
>> Yo.
>> Yo, you're sleeping
>> about to
>> Have you seen your trade?
>> Yeah. [\h__\h] you,
>> bro.
>> [\h__\h] me. I told you, bro.
>> You told me to have a pullback, not a
whole [\h__\h] move straight down.
>> This what I told you, bro. I told you it
was going to have a pullback, bro. You
don't [\h__\h] listen to me, dog. What do
you think?
>> You told me set and forget.
>> No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I told
you don't set and forget this trade.
It's going to have a pullback. You
didn't listen to me, bro. Yo, I didn't I
literally told you, bro. I'm like, yo,
it's going to it's going to have the
pullback. So, week five, we actually did
not end up taking any trades at all. We
did a lot of action stuff. I went to go
look at a new penthouse that I was
looking to move into. the Bugatti that I
bought, my pink Bugatti. We got delivery
of it with Jane Juice, which is another
successful student of mine from the
30-day boot camp.
>> So, I bought a new car. So, you Yeah.
You don't know what car, right?
>> You don't?
>> All right. You're about to know in a
little bit.
>> So, I was going to say something and say
some words of courage, but all I have to
say is set and forget. That's all I got
to say.
>> You think, bro?
>> I have no words to say, honestly. And
it's
>> You're the only one that knows, bro.
>> No, no, no. I I I'm speechless.
Honestly, I'm not going to say anything.
I I'll I'll I'll leave it for you guys
to see it.
>> Well, he has made over a4 million
dollars in trading in under 6 months. He
got into my first boot camp at the
beginning of the year and then later
throughout 6 months after applying
everything he learned in the strategy,
he made more than a quart million
dollars. I find out I'm like, "Dude,
pull up to Miami. Let's do a podcast."
You know, I like to show traders that if
they apply the strategy and they do
everything the right way, the lifestyle
that they want is just couple moves
away, all you have to do is execute the
strategy correctly. So later throughout
the week, just more day-to-day action in
my life, and we did not take any trades.
So keep in mind, the week before this,
we ended up taking our first loss. Then
the week after this, which is week five,
we ended up taking no trades, which kind
of made me feel a little bit not like
Superman anymore because at the
beginning of the challenge, I felt
invincible. Now this times, I'm getting
a little bit more humbled. I'm being
very selective on the type of trades
that I'm taking because obviously I
don't want to blow the account now. I'm
so ahead. I have so much time in front
of me that I want to be on track to
complete the challenge. It's week six of
me turning $100 into a million. And let
me tell you, you guys aren't ready for
this week. Then we started off week six
at same exact balance. The only
difference now is that we have a Bugatti
in the front of the driveway.
>> Now we got views
of my [\h__\h] Bugatti. So if I don't
complete this challenge,
I can't afford the Bugatti. So I
definitely have to complete the
challenge and stay on route. So the goal
doesn't feel right. Right. The Bugatti's
pink. I'm wearing blue.
I'll be right back. Give me a second.
More like it, huh? Got to be on the same
vibe as a
I cannot believe I [\h__\h] did that.
Dude, still surreal.
>> What's the payment on one of those?
>> My payment is 46,000
a month and then the insurance is like
2500. So, it comes out to like 4849,000
every month. So, yeah, we got a lot of
work to do to make that up.
>> And to start off the week, like always,
we do the Sunday swings. picked the top
two, top three markets for the week
ahead. But I decided to go look at my
track record on the trades that I'm
taking in the account to look at the
stats, like what am I doing right, what
am I doing wrong, so I can learn from it
and double down on what I'm doing right
and fix what I'm doing wrong. Currently,
we have taken the 100 bucks to $8,000.
You guys can see that the starting
balance was 100 bucks and it was just
updated 44 minutes ago. down below over
here. You can currently see our win rate
is currently a 70% of the total amount
of trades that we have taken. We've
taken a total of seven amount of trades
and 100% of our trades have been short.
So, we have not taken any long positions
and our average duration is an
interesting 20 hours. Now, this right
here is going to be a problem very soon,
the commissions that we have on the
account because the bigger obviously we
start scaling on this challenge. The
more slippage, the more commission
everything that we're it's going to cost
us to trade. So, I might be switching
brokers very very soon. Not entirely
sure just yet, but I will be letting you
guys know if I do. Well, I don't market
a broker. I'm just going to let you guys
know if I switch to a broker. I don't
plan to market any broker anytime soon.
You know what's funny? I paid $2,000 for
that lighter. It doesn't work. Now I
have to use this $20. What is it? How
much? I don't even know how much is
this. Like $5 at a gas station. [\h__\h]
sucks. It just doesn't feel right
lighting a good cigar with a $5 lighter
from a gas station. Feel like I'm
disrespecting the cigar.
$2,000 on a lighter. GBPCHF.
Probably one of the cleanest ones that
you can probably see. And it is this
beautiful higher high, higher low.
Higher high. Higher low. Higher high.
Higher low. Higher high. Boom. [\h__\h]
structure lower low high lower low. Now
this time frame is bearish. Now if I
just show you guys this market structure
like this which is realistically how you
have to look at the structure of the
market not look at the market. This
right here is the structure of the
market and you can clearly see how we
were creating higher highs, higher lows
and we shifted. We did a ginormous and
beautifully formated double top pattern
right here. And now we're coming back to
retest that neckline of the double top
to then have a reaction to the downside.
What a coincidence that the neckline of
the double top happens to also be at the
weekly EMA and also happens to have a
round psychological level 1.12500
which is obviously very key because now
you just have three four things that
simply make sense at this area in order
for you to be interested in the trade.
What a coincidence. Now we also have the
daily EMA, we also have daily structure
level, so on and so forth. So, what I'm
going to be waiting for for this trade
is for price to have a break and retest
under this little double top formation
that we're potentially creating at this
area here to have an alarm right at the
bottom of it that's going to notify me
as soon as we break out of it. And this
trade once it does that it's going to
have a great riskreward. We can easily
get a 1 to5 or even to this structure
point and then obviously we have a
smaller stop loss. We get like a 1 to
six, 1 to 6 or 7. This is a great
risk-to-reward on this trade because we
are following the trend. We're trading
with the weekly time frame, we're
trading with the daily time frame, and
once that double top breaks, then we're
going to be trading with the 4hour time
frame. So, we have three time frames
that are going all in the same
direction. We simply just enter the
trade set for. So, after we analyzed the
top markets for the week, like always on
Sunday swings, we then realized there
was no markets to trade. But then we got
a phone call from this guy that was
like, "Yo, you want to put your Bugatti
in a music video with Kodak Black and
Trump?
>> They want to have your the Bugatti
um in this warehouse and have this
marching Trump's marching band behind it
playing while Kodak and all them are
rapping in front. But Trump will be
there.
>> I I mean, I've been part of a couple
music videos. I know how this [\h__\h] goes,
you know.
Start pull up at 3, start at 7, end at 1
in the morning, you know.
>> Well, I [\h__\h] hope it's not like that.
>> Like, [\h__\h] yeah. I've listened to Kodak
Black since I was like 15. And who
doesn't like Trump? Little did I know
that I was getting scammed. Trump was
not pulling up. And Kodak Black pulled
up 20 hours late. And that same night,
my Bugatti broke.
>> Kodak's not here yet. We'll probably be
here like 30 minutes. We going to leave
till like 3:00 in the morning. Watch
>> this time. My bad.
won't care.
When I go, I'm going be
hold. I'm not going to lie. This [\h__\h]
feels a little too wobbly.
We are still here. It's 9:00 a.m.
Basically a trade update and we're still
here.
Well, after a couple hours,
finally got it up.
Now we got to take it from this tow
truck
to that tow truck.
[\h__\h] this dude.
>> I don't even want to talk about that.
So, after we finish all those
shenanigans, like always, patience pays.
And most importantly, following the set
and forget strategy CHF, as you guys can
see, we're currently up about $6,000.
So, we entered this trade earlier,
literally probably like [\h__\h] I don't
know, like an hour ago. But, we're in
the middle of all these calls and the
trade is now heading into our direction.
Everything's looking very well. We're
actually in a lot more profit than I
expected. Obviously, I did not account
how volatile this pair is. I did not
realize that this pair goes into a
little bit more draw down. We'll blow
this account completely because this
pair is super volatile. I actually have
not entered a trade in GFP CHF in a very
long time. But this trade right here, if
it does hit my takerit, it could take
this account up to like $70,000 if it
does make it all the way down here. And
then we were up now from the $8,000 that
we were technically down back up to the
$15,000 where we were 2 weeks ago. So,
now we're picking back up, staying on
track, and the goal for this week was to
turn the 8,000 to 16,000 to 18,000
roughly. And I again, I had an executive
decision to make. Do I close at the
profit for the week or do I set and
forget? What do you think I did? I
[\h__\h] set and forget.
>> Drum roll, please.
$38,000.
Ching. Well, for right now, I think this
trade is that's why I'm not even that
excited because I do think this trade
right now in London session is going to
have a pullback. Let me show you. So, I
think now this is will have a
retracement to retest this neckline of
the left head, right shoulder for then
the trade to then head to the downside.
Currently on the daily time frame, we
close very strong as a bearish
engulfing, but we could come back and
retest these daily wicks right here. So
then the trader can continue heading to
the downside. Now this is where a lot of
beginner traders will probably get, you
know, FOMO and either close out their
positions here or they can probably set
and forget the whole entire way.
Currently just waiting for it to do its
thing. But then when we go close the
trade, we get the most ridiculous
slippage I have ever gotten in any
trading account. And I said, "If I'm
getting slippage at this part in the
challenge so early on, I don't want to
be with this broker anymore."
>> Yo, we just blew the whole [\h__\h]
account.
>> No, that's how you close the trade,
We literally just blew the whole
[\h__\h] We just withd you all the money.
So, we just draw the money from the
current broker. Should get into my
wallet by the end of today, maybe
tomorrow. And uh we're going to deposit
into a new broker, which I might be
letting you guys soon which broker it's
going to be. So you guys are going to
have the same market conditions as me.
Current broker right now. The fees were
all over the place. The commissions were
okay. It was more of the slippage. I
would literally try and close the trade
out and I guess slipped out. I wouldn't
get closed at the point that I wanted
to. So I'm going to be switching to a
new broker today pretty much. And uh
we'll see where the challenge goes from
that point. And this is why I don't
market brokers right at the beginning of
the challenge. I know you guys ask me
for what broker am I using? What broker
am I using? I literally got this asked a
thousand times. I don't want to market a
broker that I don't trust and I don't
have any experience with and gladly I
didn't market it because [\h__\h] I closed a
trade at 30,000 in profit and then it
puts me at 22. The slippage and the
spread was absolutely ridiculous. I
decided to withdraw my money and then
put it into a new broker that I was
going to then test out. But again, keep
in mind this is the exact same account
that I then just transferred the funds
into a different one. And this is where
we then pretty much moved on to week
number seven where the ending balance
was about 22,000.
It's week seven of me turning this $100
into a million. Then on this next week,
it was week seven. We were starting with
about $22,000 and then the goal was to
take 22 to then 40.
Touch that. Touch that. what you guys
know about week seven turning $100 into
a million. I I I thought it had just
reversed on us. I was so I was like, "Oh
shit." Currently, right now, we are up
$4,000
on the trade. Now, I'm not excited
because of these $4,000. I could give a
[\h__\h] I'm excited about the potential of
this trade that we have taken. If you
have seen last week's series, you saw
the loss we avoided on this position.
Price had the push, stop, then push.
That's what we are anticipating for this
week to come ahead. So, we avoided not
making any money this week simply
because we have experience in the
market. Now, let's look at it now. So,
trade update. We are currently up $4,000
on GBP CHF. So, if you guys saw last
night's trade update, I explained that I
was looking to enter a trade right
around this area once we had the retest
to then sell. So currently right now,
GBPCHF has a very strong double top
formation currently creating right now.
Very strong bearish move. If this trade
hits all the way down here, we'll
[\h__\h] sweep 1 to 11 risk-to-reward,
meaning we will take Right now we have
35 lots, right? So 35 lots means that
it's $350 per pip. So, we do $350 per
pip times a takerit of $342
pips. So, $350
times 342 pips. Drum roll, please.
$100,000
in one single position. The beauty of
this is not this. We're going to get to
this no matter what. What is the beauty
is how much I'm actually putting at
risk. So, I'm only putting at risk. So,
we have 30 pip stop-loss. So, if I do
$350
per pip times $30, I'm only putting at
risk 50% of the account. This is key to
growth. So, I'm literally risking 50% to
almost 5x the account. Tell me that's
not a [\h__\h] great deal. So, as of
right now, we are currently just waiting
for this position to have a confirmation
body candlestick closure in the next 27
minutes under this level of support
right here. 4hour candlestick looks very
strong, very bearish engulfing. Can then
wait for a little retest as well for
then that structure level right there.
Basically, moral of the story, all we
got to do right now is set for it. Just
looks so lovely, dude. Like, we're
finally like making some type of decent
money. Like, look at this. And then we
ran into the same broker issue. We took
the 20 and then we took it to the 40.
But we ran into even worse slippage on
this other broker that we were testing
out. And again, this is why I don't
market brokers. It's my first time
trading on it. And I'm taking a good
trade. And when I take it, the profits
that I'm supposed to be making, I
literally lost it because of the
slippage on the account. This is the
trades from last night. GBPCHF. You guys
can clearly see that we closed out all
three positions at the same exact time.
one of them is in profit and then the
other got split in half or whatever and
then it was in a loss. So GBPCHF last
night I explained if we had a retest of
this level and then a rejection to the
downside we can very easily continue to
head down. If not if we body closed
above we can come back right into our
area of interest. So, we body closed
above. And as I'm seeing this body close
above and then I'm seeing this rejection
from the EMA, but then I see this retest
of this level of support that every
single time we're above, we're clearly
heading up. I say, "Oh [\h__\h] this is the
area where I want to get out cuz I could
get pushed right back into my entry and
I don't want to be in a loss at this
point in the challenge. I'm doing so
well." So, I decided to close my
position right at that line right there.
Right at 1.11282,
right at 3:00 in the morning, 4 in the
morning, which is like when London
session is kicking in. You guys can see
down here the times. And I closed out
the first position, right? The 20 lots.
So, the 20 lots gave me $2,000 in
profit. Now, we're going to do some
calculations right now because if I
enter the position up at this point
right here, and then we close out the
position, let's say somewhere in here,
that is a total of about 23 pips. But
for argument sake, let's say 20 pips.
So, I am currently risking $200
per pip. So, it's going to be $200 times
20 pips. I'm supposed to be up $4,000 on
that position. I am up $2,000. So, they
ate up 50% of my profits, but that's
fine. You know what? High fees. I'll
take it. Whatever. Not a big deal. But
then the other position when I go close
it, it is then in a loss. Why did I take
a loss on the same position that I
entered at the same spot and close at
the same spot? Why did it close at a
loss? Now, this is where I get very
skeptical about these platforms because
it's just so unnecess like like I just I
just don't get it. And this is why I
also split my lot sizes because
everybody says, "Oh, why don't you just
take 180 lot?" It's for this very same
exact reason. If I were to take 80 lots
in a position, it would literally have
one full slipped out position versus if
I split the positions in half, at least
I get one and then the other ones
probably have a little bit of slippage.
I I do this because I've dealt with this
[\h__\h] before and I've been dealing it for
a very long time. Like this at this
point was very frustrating because I
just came off of a losing week, then a
break even week and now two weeks that
are technically break even because of
the market conditions that the broker
was giving me. If I'm running into these
issues with a broker so early on into
the challenge, I'm already being
skeptical because imagine the slippage
and the issues that I'm going to be
running at when I'm fluctuating hundreds
of thousands of dollars in profit, which
is realistically like 3 4 weeks away if
I double the account every single week.
It's week eight of me turning $100 into
a million. Last week, we took two trades
where one of them made us about $2,000
and then the other we lost $2,000.
Biggest waste of time ever. And I wasn't
going to let any of this broker issue
stop me living my life. I'm going to go
drift my Porsche. I'm going to go hit
the gym. I'm going to go do what I have
to do because at the end of the day,
what affected me last time was that I
was not living my normal life. Now, this
time, I decided to, you know, you know
what? If I take a loss, if I take a win,
I'm going to go hit my gym. I'm going to
go take my my night trades, if you know
what I'm talking about, and just do what
I got to do. And then later on
throughout the week, we got another
great opportunity in the market, which
is what we analyze on Sunday swings.
This market right here currently is
having a lower high pullback. And this
is what this market structure looks like
on this pullback, right? We have some
structure right here and then we are now
at this resistance level. If I take this
same exact market structure move from
right here and then I simply move it to
this market structure here with an
exception of making this a little bit
higher and aiming this a little bit
higher. It's the exact same move right
here, but instead of it obviously being
here, it is now right here. It's the
same exact move with the exception of
bit being a little bit higher. Now, what
is the difference that this had this
[\h__\h] the structure up here and that this
one is having it right here. Let's see
what happened here to see if we can
anticipate for it to happen here cuz
we're expecting for the sells and
clearly this once it did this pattern,
it then went to the downside. So, let's
zoom into this 30 minute structure on
this circle time frame right here. What
did we get when we were at this pattern
right here? Oh, okay. We got a left
head, right shoulder. Okay, cool. Left
head, right shoulder, retest, then sell.
Well, let's go to current price right
now. Holy [\h__\h] What do we have here?
Left head, right shoulder.
[\h__\h] with me. [\h__\h] with me. if you want
me to keep showing you guys because I
see this all the time and I don't always
explain it because I it's just normal to
me. This is my second language, third
language, and I see this literally every
single day. It's very normal to me. But
to a lot of you guys, this might be like
what the [\h__\h] a wow moment. And if it
is, let me know in the comments so I can
keep doing this stuff for you guys cuz
it motivates me and it shows me that you
guys are actually learning. So this
position, we're actually very, very,
very interested in executing, but not
just yet. I want to execute this
position once we have some type of
engulfing confirmation. As of right now,
I have my potential entry right under
this level because when this candlestick
closes under it, it is a engulfing
candlestick. So, just put my alarm under
there to pretty much notify me once we
have that engulfing candlestick. Even
the 15-minute hasn't had the engulfing
quite just yet. So, we're going to stay
up all night tonight because that
literally might happen very, very, very
soon. We actually ended up taking then
the account from the 22 to about 60k in
profit more or less. Drum roll please
for the [\h__\h] trade update.
$19,000
[\h__\h] dollars in profit. Now what how
fast did this happen? Very fast. Let me
show you guys. So right now USD JPY
exactly how I explained yesterday. We
literally explained the only way we'd be
interested in taking this position right
here is if we have a break, retest, and
then sell. Price literally broke,
retested, sell. Exactly what we
anticipated. Perfect entry signal.
Literally 1 hour ago. As you guys can
see down here, 8:00 in the morning.
Currently, right now, it is 10:00 in the
morning. So, as soon as we entered this
position, market immediately started
heading to the downside. Look how fast
this momentum of this market is
currently moving. Beautiful 30 minutes
bearish engulfing evening star
formation. 15-minute time frame. As soon
as the candlestick close, boom, just
completely downside move, which is
absolutely beautiful. This is the trade
that we avoided yesterday and we avoided
to take the loss cuz it never retested
and gave us the engulfing of this left
head and the right shoulder. Now avoided
this loss, we can remove this. Now we
have this position right here. We're
just looking decent, right? Obviously,
I'm just hyped because I risked a lot
more than I should have because we're
trying to turn $20,000 into 40. So, I
can literally close the position right
now and then we will have the $40,000 in
profit that we need. Literally. Oh. Oh
[\h__\h] Oh. Oh. Oh. What? Oh [\h__\h] What
the [\h__\h] just happened? Oh [\h__\h] Oh. Oh.
Woah. Woah. Woah. Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Whoa, whoa,
whoa.
Don't you [\h__\h] do it.
>> Hold on. I'm in I'm in shock right now.
Yo, I saw 50,000. It was It was at the
bottom of that wick right there. Is news
happening right now? Probably. Well, now
I'm on edge. I'm going to put an alarm
right around my entry signal just to let
me know that it is up there. I have to
put a an alarm at the bottom of this
candlestick. If we if we get a
candlestick to go back under that wick,
we're pretty much good. We are good.
Okay.
You know, you don't want this.
All right. So, currently, right now, we
had a little quick uh spaz in the
markets. This is what trading in the
market is. This is why people go crazy
when they risk more money than they
should. If I was risking, you know, 3,
four, 5% like a normal human, I would
even care. Oh,
right now, $40,000 floating in profit.
That's all we care about.
Oh [\h__\h] Oh [\h__\h] Yo. Oh [\h__\h] Yo. No.
Yo. Yo, I can't Yo, I can't make this
up, dude. Yo, I can't make this up,
dude. Holy Holy [\h__\h] Holy [\h__\h] bro.
Yo, stop,
dude.
Oh, we got 100,000. Yo, there's no way.
Yo, there's no way.
Yo. Yo, there's no there's no way. Ow, I
kind of hurt myself.
Is my watch okay? That's fine. Doesn't
matter. We can buy another one. Oh. Oh.
Oh, dude. Oh. Yo, we're about to be at
100,000. That's [\h__\h] crazy. Yo, the
countdown is legendary.
Yo.
No, no, no, no. We got to keep going. We
got to keep going.
Got to keep going. We got to keep going.
>> 95.
>> Oh, 97. Yo, it's going to hit 100,000.
Yo, it's going to hit 100,000. We got to
keep going. Look, dude. I think I think
we got to like
Ah, dude. Do we got up to there?
Now, now I just got to focus.
What is it?
Why didn't you do this?
This right here shows you guys that the
fundamentals will follow the technicals.
All right, I got to focus, dude. Market
update, boys. Markets update, boys and
ladies and gentlemen. We have officially
officially closed the accounts at No,
no, no. Drum roll, please. Thank you
very much. We have officially closed at
90,000
[\h__\h] dollars on the account. So, we
ended off the week I think about 90,000
80,000 something like that in profit.
And honestly, I didn't have really
anything else to do. So, I had a bright
idea. Why not buy five, six junk cars,
call my other rich friends, and let's
just go play bumper cars.
Hey,
So, we ended off closing off the week
with about 90,000 I think in profit and
playing bumper cars, which is pretty
legendary because I got a pretty big
group of people together in under two
hours. Like, imagine you're getting a
phone call saying, "Yo, pull up to this
location and let's play bumper cars."
Everybody's reaction is like, "What the
fuck?"
>> Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. As
much as I would want to go right into
the markets and show you my trades on
this week where I'm going to be turning
the $90,000 into 200, I have to spoon
feed my children, my very special unit
of children, the haters. Come here. Come
here. Airplane.
So, the beginning of week nine,
something that I expected to happen
happened. the haters. The haters decided
to arise and they decided to then voice
their opinions on their challenge. Now,
keep in mind haters were not voicing
their opinion up to this point. Why?
Because the account wasn't big enough.
Turning 100 to 300 and then 300 to 4 or
5,000, it's just not exciting. But now,
when I started having multiple six
figures fluctuating, automatically
people wanted to then say, "He's not
showing the trade history. It's not
real. He blew the account." Like if I
have not been showing every single
trade, the before, the during, the after
up to this point, literally showing
every single trade in my free Telegram,
in my Discord, in my Instagram, on
YouTube. They wanted to voice their
opinions. And I said, "Okay, you know
what? Nobody's going to [\h__\h] with my
reputation. My reputation is
everything." So I addressed the haters,
showed the trade history, and then
continued on with the journey. Because
truthfully, if they were concerned about
the challenge being legit at this point,
I said, "You know what? Thank you. That
means I'm not doing good of enough a
job. Let me double down on making this
even more transparent and even more
legit. Ladies and gentlemen, it is
currently 11:15
in the morning. And as of right now, the
account is currently sitting at a
whopping blew the account.
>> It's like $115,000.
Now, you know what? Let me just uh
we're currently sitting at $115,000.
Now, the reason why I'm not excited is
because we could have literally been in
this much profit. We've been holding the
last trade, but it sucks. So, we had to
overexpose ourselves, but it's okay.
Why? Because the strategy is working
once again. NZDCAD literally having left
head, right shoulder, retest of the
neckline. Exactly what I explained
yesterday on the 1 hour time frame.
Higher high, higher low, higher high.
Once it breaks and retests this
neckline, we will be interested in
selling. And boys, that is exactly what
we did. We broke and we retested once
again. Like does not get any more legit
than this. Oh, but you want to know
what's the crazy part? That the downside
potential of this trade is massive. we
can reach lows of all the way up to this
structure point right here, but we're
not going to do that. We're not going to
be greedy. We're going to be realistic
and set real takeprofits and we enter
this position. Once we body close under
this right here, we're pretty much good.
And very ironically, the same week that
I call out the haters is the same week
where I'm supposed to be fluctuating in
multiple six figures in profits. I
actually ended up having the biggest
loss.
>> I don't even know why I'm laughing at
this point. Yeah, the account boys to
44,000.
[\h__\h] bro. This is why we can't [\h__\h]
around talking [\h__\h] We [\h__\h] jinxed
it. Talking [\h__\h] So, we just took a
unnecessary $40,000 loss on NZDCAT. The
same week I decided to troll the haters,
which honestly it was kind of funny
because I made it even more legit, even
more transparent, and I expected to win
a trade and I lost. I lost in front of
everybody. And after I trolled the
haters, it was kind of like a it was an
L on my side. But you know what? I'm
glad I'm glad that that happened because
that only made me stronger to then come
into the next week. So, we started off
the challenge this week on about 90,000
and we ended off on 40, which kind of
sucks because after you address haters,
you want to win. You want to win on the
haters. I lost on the haters. Even
though we did lose 50% of the account, I
did something the haters can't. I got on
a G4 to go to Dominican Republic to not
only do a podcast on the jet, but to go
check out my tobacco farm that I have
for this brand that I'm actually
building, which is my new cigar brand.
And I said, "Okay, I might have lost for
the week, but let's take this private
jet, this cool podcast, and be back in
about 36 hours just to check up on how
the cigars are doing and coming right
back." So, the haters had the laugh at
the beginning of the week, but then I
had it at the end of the week. All
right, ladies and gentlemen, good
morning. Let's head to our office. So,
let me show you the starting balance for
this week on the account. Wrong phone,
white phone. So, right now, the starting
balance for this week is going to be
$44,000.
So, to start off week 10, we got on the
jet right back to Miami. But before I
leave, I like taking care of the people
that took care of me while we were out
in this trip in Dominican Republic. Had
one of the best chefs, one of the best
services. Tent them about $2,000 in ones
that I happen to find in my duffel bag.
Don't ask me why it's ones. Don't ask me
how it got there. I don't know.
[Applause]
You know what's funny? You give like you
give somebody in the United States
$10,000 like cash, like a big stack like
this, and they'll be like, "Thanks."
Like they won't they won't give a [\h__\h]
The first thing that I do when I get
back is pull up the time piece trading,
buy a new Richard Mill cuz I felt like
my wrist was a little weak, you know?
I'm like, you know what? We've been
doing this for 10 weeks. I need some
motivation. I need something better.
Bugatti is not enough and it's broken.
Let's go buy a new Richard Mill.
>> What you just picked up, it's limited to
50 pieces in the world. It's the Asia
edition. It's carbon, super light. I
think it's cool. Like, it's good
contrast from your like your white
watch, your gold watch. You know
>> what makes this like the Asia edition?
>> The the color way. Oh, like a black and
black,
>> bro. I like this one. I think I'm going
to take this one.
>> That's it.
>> He's going to sell it to this guy, bro.
>> [\h__\h] it. Why not? We bought a chain for
Ste. We give away out to him.
>> Cuz you're always giving back.
>> You know what?
>> Yeah. What is going on here?
>> The [\h__\h] going on
back there? love it.
>> You know, he never gets gifts. So, I was
like, let me be the first guy to
actually gift this guy. He's always
giving other people stuff. And I thought
it was a nice gesture. He doesn't need
it. Probably got the chain, throws it
into the safe, and never looks at it
ever again. But my conscious is good. We
are currently in a position that we are
going to continue to set and forget. I
mean, I literally just called it last
night. It's not my first time calling
it. All right, boys. So, market update.
We are currently up 41,000.
So, we're back at We're not even back
where we were last week. And we just did
the dumbest thing ever. We just executed
a loss right here because we decided to
enter this position right around this
area thinking that it was just going to
continue to go down. Like when you don't
sleep all night, you just start seeing
[\h__\h] But then I go down to the 1 hour.
I'm like, but wait, this price
definitely has the opportunity to come
back and retest this level of support
and resistance just how it did here. It
could even go up further. it could
literally go back up all the way up to
this area right around here before
actually going down.
So the 80 lot that I took at that point
right there, I simply closed it cuz it
was actually [\h__\h] So now I'm
currently in this position. Um similarly
what I said yesterday, we're ready to
execute it. We're just waiting for the
right confirmations. We just got the
break of the structure how I wanted to
enter the EMA.
And yeah, we're in this position now.
So, I'm just going to anticipate for
price to continue having a push to the
downside after this retest. Uh, we
avoided a loss yesterday on Euro GBP.
Avoided a loss on GBP JPY and avoided a
loss on Euro AUD. So, we've been dodging
bullets all week. Finally managed to
catch one that aligned with the
strategy. We closed a position at the
top of this wick up here and literally
we probably did the best decision we
could have done. We closed these two
positions at a $2,000 loss for a total
of 160 lots. Then we waited for price to
have its rejection. Now, some of you
guys would have been like, "Wow, you
closed for no reason. You could have
still been holding the trade." You know
what? You're right. You're right, dude.
But you wouldn't be up $63,000 if I did
not do that. Why? because I waited for
this next entry bearish engulfing
confirmation uh evening star formation
under the EMA rejection from the
structure and I said you know what okay
fine you want to take me out of break
even and you want to make me lose an
extra 15 pips from the original entry
that I originally had up here from this
to this point okay fine I'll make it
back by risking 170 more lots on this
position before we had 160 lots which
was these positions right here. 80 + 80
is 160. You add all these up and we have
330. So, we essentially almost doubled a
little bit over the risk that we had
before, but we got an extra confirmation
that we did not get here. And you know
what? I [\h__\h] with it because yeah, we
lose 15 pips from the entry, but we gain
170 lots. It sucks on the short term,
but on the long term, trust me, it's
going to pay off,
man. Dude, how stressful, dude, these
last couple of hours.
>> Yes. Yes.
>> In profit. Like, we weren't just up
$70,000 [\h__\h] dollars. This shit's
making me go crazy.
>> All right, we just got out right now at
I don't know, dude. I don't even know
how much that is. Um, like $6,000 in
profit, 5,000, whatever.
>> Bro, what a swing, dude. How do you go
from like 13 How do you go from $70,000
in profit to then $13,000 in draw down
to now only making 4 grand? Tell me how
that works. So, we ended off week 10
pretty choppy, kind of whack. Can't even
lie because we spent a lot of money, but
we didn't make a lot of money. But then
come week 11, we do the same thing. Pick
the top pairs for the week. But now this
time, we did a major comeback.
>> Welcome to week 11, turning $100 into a
million. We made up for the slack that
we did in two weeks because we took the
account balance from what we were
starting at to about $200,000.
Now, you might be wondering, "What the
[\h__\h] The video just started." It
didn't. The video started yesterday on
Sunday Swings. Welcome, welcome, welcome
to another Sunday Swings, where I
literally broke down every single one of
these trades to the tea. I entered USD
CAD on the sales once again. So if you
guys go watch last week's series, you
guys would see what I went through last
week right here at this very moment. I
entered this trade, got stopped out at
break even. I closed out a break even. I
entered this trade, closed myself out of
break even right here. It was an
absolute brutal Friday. Now price came
back into the area, did exactly what I
said it was going to do, and then we
executed the positions right at the top
of this area. Such a beautiful trade.
Look at this retest here from this level
of support, support, support,
resistance, rejection from the EMA.
Daily time frame currently having that
re break of structure. This daily
candlestick engulf 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 candlesticks. Then we had the
pullback. Then we had the weekly double
dogee rejection from the EMA, rejection
from the structure. Like there's so many
things that are going to make this trade
create a new lower low rather than
create a higher high. All I did was
simply re-enter the trade where I was
originally entered. The only thing that
changed is the mindset behind when I
entered this trade versus when I entered
this trade. But if you notice, I'm
taking the exact same trade. Look at the
pattern formation here and where it is.
It's at the area of interest EMA. Look
at the pattern formation here. It's at
the area of interest and EMA. And then
you simply set and forgets. And we are
now up $168,000. And yes, it's the same
account as always, boys. You guys can
see right here in the trade history. We
can like I can literally close this
position right now. So, it's literally
Monday morning and I can literally close
out this position at this very point
right here and be done for the week. And
there goes this series 5 minutes. But
you know what? We're not stopping there.
We're going to keep it going. We're
going to try and turn this hundred
something thousand into the million
today. Now, the goal for the week was to
double the account. And like always, I
see the structure continuing with the
trend. So, I'm going to set and forget.
I want to maximize my profits, but
minimize my losses. Trade update. It is
currently 12:45
in the morning. It's about to be 1:00
a.m. Right now, we are in a new position
where now the account is up 35 gazillion
dollars. I'm kidding. We're still at the
same exact spot. Still no trades that we
have added on to the challenge. So, we
did miss this new added position on USD
CAT. As you guys can see, prices
actually had a retracement to the area
exactly how I anticipated. Price came
back, reaches this structure level, and
now it looks like it's having a sell
down. We literally pulled out, right? I
mean, you know, we had a little bit more
that we could have potentially gotten,
but you know, it's simply not worth it.
So, we got out at the perfect area right
before this retracement. We're looking
to add positions here, but the session
was not the right session to be entering
this trade. So, for me to be interested
in adding a new position, I would have
to wait for a retest here to then head
to the downside. So, I'm going to be
waiting for that lower high to then
sell. Wake up the next day and I see the
trade could have tripled the account. I
could have closed the account at half a
million dollars by doing nothing. And,
you know, this did mess with my
psychology a little bit, but I'm leading
by example. I have too many people
watching me. I have to be realistic and
be like, you know what, guys? This is
going to happen. You're going to set and
forget and you're going to close at the
point where you thought it was the final
point before price reversed. But the
trade keeps on going. It's okay. You
made money. You hit your take profit.
You move on. So, I did miss out on about
300K on the trade. But it's okay because
I hit the profit for the week and we
showed people that we can come back from
two losing weeks, two break even weeks
to now tripling the account on one
single trade.
It's week 12 of me turning this into a
million day trading. So on week 12 is
where things start getting a little
interesting because now every single
trade we're about to take is going to
fluctuate hundreds of thousands of
dollars. So, like always, the pairs that
we analyzed on Sunday swings ended up
taking it. We fluctuated up and down.
>> Trade update. I feel like I I feel like
I've said this a million times. Trade
update. Right now, we are up $59,000
on the account. But not only have I said
this a million times, I'm talking about
this. Oh, oh, oh.
Yo, what is going on every single time?
Yo, what the [\h__\h] Yo, it's every time,
dude. Yo, I can't make this up, dude.
Yo, I can't make this [\h__\h] up, bro. I
can't make this up,
bro. I was literally going to say we
have the head and shoulders pattern. We
see this pattern a gazillion times and
then we usually always have the retest
to then sell. Dude, what is happening,
dude? What is happening, bro?
All right. Well, look at that. There
goes our trade update right there. We're
up 100,000. The goal for the week is
half a ticket, bro. Almost was there.
Come on. Do your thing. Yeah. And dude,
I was just so calm. I was so relaxed. I
was so pacific.
Well, the goal was to show you guys that
what I said we needed yesterday to
happen, which was the head and
shoulders. We put our alarm at the ship
structure and once we body close under
it, we get the retest and then we sell.
That's basically it. We've we've said it
a 100 [\h__\h] times.
You can't make this up, dude. You cannot
make this up. Okay, so right now we are
up exactly a one to one and we're up
about 100,000.
That means when we get 2011 to 2, we
should be up 200,000. And when we get
2011 to 3, we'll be up 300,000. Isn't
that beautiful? Don't you want to have
your easy math like that? Every single
time you add a risk-to-reward, it's just
an extra 100k. 100k. 100k sounds good to
me. This is why I didn't want to
celebrate earlier or be anywhere near
excited because I expected for something
like this to happen. We are currently
down about $25,000 in the account when
we were up earlier about $150,000 at the
height of it.
The markets did the dead out of me. Look
at this. Price went not only straight
into our stop loss, but a complete
violation. Break through the previous
structure level, almost through the
screen, and out the [\h__\h] roof. We
just got diddy didd in the didd.
Is that even real? [\h__\h] Luckily, we did
not risk much on the position. We are
only back at $135,000
and we only took about a $68,000
loss on the account which given this
trade I should have risked 100%. But I
explained to you the higher I go in the
account I lower my risk by 25 to 50%. So
I'm not even mad. I I I'm not it's just
it's one of those losses with this type
of approach. You know, Albert Einstein
has projects that sometimes don't don't
do well. And right now, we are not doing
well. We're still at the same exact
spot. Still no new positions into the
account. So, our trade deals are going
to potentially start moving as of right
now. GBPCHF for cells. I love how this
price action is currently looking right
now. Daily time frame closed with a
daily dogee. And if we go down to the 1
hour, 1 hour has had what looks to be
like a little double top. I'm literally
going to wait for a break and retest
under this area right here. So, this is
kind of like the consolidation zone it's
in. So, I want to have some type of
break out of this and then a quick
retest, then sell. A little breakout,
then a quick retest, then sell.
Everything depends on the price action.
But, I want to enter here, but I can't
enter here right now. I need the
breakout confirmation and then the
pullback to enter here. I don't mind
entering a little bit lower, but I just
need the confirmation that it's having a
breakout. It's having a move. We are up
$238,000
[\h__\h] dollars. GBPCHF
trade update. So, right now we have
three very unique entries on GBPCHF and
I want to explain them to perfection
because this moved very fast. Literally
only like 4 hours. This is just one
candlestick. So, GBPCHF, we had the
4hour bearish engulfing how I wanted
from that area and then we obviously
entered at the breakout of all of this
consolidation zone here. I entered on
this 1 in the morning candlestick as it
was getting ready to close. Entered
right there. Spread took a little bit
down and then we had our next entry on
this 15minute pullback. So, we had the
full move. I'm like, yes, amazing,
beautiful. But then we had this
pullback. And on this pullback, I waited
for this engulfing confirmation. We
entered on this pullback of this wick.
And then the next entry, we entered at
the bottom of that rejection candle
right there. And those are our three
entries. We have our first one up here,
our second one right here, and our third
one right around here. And our takerit
was very strategically placed at this
next 4hour low. So as you can see, the 4
hours is clearly bearish. Higher, high,
higher low. D bearish lower low, lower
high, lower low, lower high. We're
destined to create a new lower low. But
up to where? Up to this structure point.
And you can clearly see that price has
very well reacted from that structure
point. This is only a 1 to 2.7
risk-to-reward. And we've risked a lot
more than what we're risking here on
different markets. This move just
happens to be very, very volatile. Like
we're up 102 pips right now.
>> You got to set and forget. The trade
either hits my stop loss or hits my
takeprofit. Can I set and forget? And
the trade ended up closing off at the
highest point, which I think it was
about $400,000
at this point where the challenge is
right now. So, we stuck to our trading
plan. We held oursel accountable while
doing this live in front of hundreds of
thousands of people on my Telegram,
Discord, Instagram, YouTube, absolutely
everywhere. I'm not the only one making
money at this point. There are so many
of you guys that have done your own
flips that I'm like, "Oh [\h__\h] this
shit's getting serious." I did a podcast
with a student that by copying my exact
same trades, he took uh what was it? I
think he did $1,000 to $150,000.
This guy by just watching my Instagram
stories became a six figure person by
watching 10-second Instagram stories.
Talk about [\h__\h] batting. Trade
update. We closed at 332,000
trade history. As you guys can see, we
have officially closed the position at
the highest point keyword. We've closed
the position. We were just up 400,000.
We lost 70K just because of [\h__\h]
floating [\h__\h] P&L.
Well, you know what? We actually won a
trade. We shouldn't be doing that. So,
after we closed off on week 12 at about
$400,000, on week 13, I got a bright
idea. We're going to [\h__\h] live stream
the last trade, trading 400 into a
million. [\h__\h] it. I came up with a
bright idea to do it on Instagram. I go
on Instagram, try to do an IG live,
doesn't let me. Said, "Okay, you know
what? Everything happens for a reason.
Let's then go to YouTube." And we start
a live stream turning $400,000 to
$800,000. All right, ladies and
gentlemen, welcome to the live stream.
Today in the morning when I w I
literally just woke up like an hour ago
and I'm seeing the trade that I took
last night. I'm like, "Yo, I have to do
an IG live from the moment that I wake
up till this trade hits a million." Then
I go to my IG. So I'm going to show you
guys right now. So this is my account as
you guys can see. When I go into my
account, I go into my settings and I'm
trying to go on live. So look, I'm I'm
going to do it right now with you guys,
right? So right here on my IG, I try and
go live. So I click here live
at this time, your account is not
eligible to use this. So even if I
wanted to, I couldn't go live on
Instagram. And I'm like, [\h__\h] how do I
stream? Like for me, this very point the
whole entire way of me turning the
hundred to the mil. Like it's going to
literally be like the rawest day in the
life that I think anybody has ever done.
So, basically, we're going to stream
until this account turns into a mill.
Whether it happens today, tomorrow, the
day after. I don't plan to turn off the
stream until we don't reach the million.
So, this can last an hour, which I don't
think so based off of the price action.
Or this can last 24 hours. This can last
48 hours. I will not shut off this
stream until we don't complete the
challenge. This is something that is
legendary and I want it to be documented
the whole entire way. So get prepared,
get comfortable because this is going to
be an interesting
24 hours, 48 hours, you guys are going
to see real day in my life. Obviously
like if I had to enter some meetings and
stuff, you know, I can't have you guys
be part of that. I'll just kind of like
put it to the phone and [\h__\h] So
I mean we're we're live, bro. Like what
do we do now? Like we're just live.
Look, this is literally live right now.
>> Focus.
>> How much are we up? 600. [\h__\h]
>> History.
>> Hold up.
>> Is it focusing?
Is it focusing?
>> Yeah. Put a little higher.
>> Yeah. There you go.
>> You want it higher than that? Huh? Okay.
So basically we have USD CHF where
basically we have been interested in
taking this position since early this
week. You guys can tell how we've had
this very strong consolidation zone and
then what we ended up doing is we broke
out of that consolidation zone. Let me
actually take off all these writings. So
once we broke out of this consolidation
zone, we were then waiting for price to
have a retest of this area. Once it
retested this structure, then we would
continue to head to the upside. Now,
this had the retest exactly not exactly
as I wanted to, but it made it to the
area. And we had the most important
thing, which is going to be our entry
signal, which is this right here. This
right here is our entry signal. Not this
specifically, but there is something in
here that happened that is my entry
signal. And I don't really ever speak
about it. And you know what? I'm going
to talk about it on the stream, but not
right now because we just got started
with the stream and I don't see this
market moving for the next
7 hours. So, only to the soldiers that
are with me for these next seven hours
that I'm doing this stream am I going to
actually break everything down of my
strategy and everything. So, I I I you
know, I feel like I came up with this
idea and I haven't really processed
that. We didn't really put too much
thought into,
>> bro. For real, dude. What the [\h__\h] bro?
>> Cuz now I can't turn it off.
>> I just can't. I'm so committed. I I
can't. I live streamed for literally 26
hours. I was with you guys when I went
to throw away trash, when I went to go
eat, when I went to go drift, when I
went to go do my day-to-day life. I
literally was with you guys all the
time. So, I did want to say this is
probably one of the most spontaneous
little events I've done. I probably
expected five people to pull up, six
people to pull up. We have well over
almost like 50 60 people. It's two in
the morning. You guys are maniacs,
right? I'm letting you guys know. I
thought I was a freak staying up all
night watching the markets.
>> You are.
>> Well, I'm not I'm
could be a maniac. I could be a maniac,
but I'm not the only one. I'm surrounded
by other people that are passionate
about this [\h__\h] People that are willing
to do whatever the [\h__\h] it takes to make
this [\h__\h] go down. And like, yeah, it's
cool that I, you know, dropped the pin
and was able to get you guys here
together, but like this [\h__\h] is not
about me, bro. Like, this is about you
guys. You guys got to realize that you
guys are doing the same thing that I'm
doing to be able to be on the same
journey that I am. You guys are staying
up. You guys are putting money at risk.
You guys are learning, failing, rinse
and repeating. And over time, you're not
the same person that you were last month
compared to now. So, I just want to say
like the people that you are around
right now are the people you want to be
around with. You're the fifth person out
of your four people in your friend
group. If your four friends are smoking
weed, you're [\h__\h] smoking weed. If
your four friends are diddy, you're the
fifth Diddy. That's how it go.
>> You guys were telling me to close a
trade when we were up 700,000.
>> This is not done. There's a lot more in
>> You guys told me to close a trade when
price started pulling back and we were
at 600,000. And on the live stream, not
only am I answering all your guys'
questions, but I am literally engraving
the mindset. You need to adapt to be
able to handle these types of swings.
The trade isn't done. If the trade has
not hit the takerit, you do not close.
The trade was at about 700,000 and I
wish you could see the chat. Literally
thousands of people live watching saying
close, close, close, close. Clearly,
none of these people are my students and
they don't know how the set and forget
strategy works. The set and forget
strategy works by set and forgetting.
You have a stop-loss. You have a
takerit. Price is either going to hit
one or the other. And guess what we did?
We set and [\h__\h] forget.
>> We have officially closed the challenge
at 800,000.
Just do it. The trade not only hit our
takerit and we close at 800,000. The
trade continued to create new highs. If
I would have just continued to hold for
two more hours, I would have completely
finished the challenge at this very
moment. I could have finished it on a
legendary 26-hour stream. But you know
what? I'm glad that I followed my
strategy and I closed at where I did
because then this gave me the
opportunity on week 14 to start off a
stream right at the beginning of the
week where then we took the final
$800,000 to then the million. And all I
can say, you know what? I'm gonna let
the stream speak for itself.
>> So that was like looking back at those
clips right now, it really lets me just
like settle in and realize, bro, what I
was doing, I I was out of my mind. I was
losing sleep every single night. I was
taking a unnecessary amount of stress
that I didn't need to take. And
honestly, I just put this challenge on
my shoulders for whatever reason that I
came up to it. But if there's something
that I did realize after watching back
on these videos and looking at what I
did is that I stayed true to one thing
and that is my strategy. Every single
trade that I took, I had an extreme
consistency behind every single trade. I
understood exactly the type of trade
that I was taking. I was reading market
structure the proper way. I was properly
having a trade hit my area of interest.
I was having a trade properly giving my
entry signal at the right time. Like
despite all the noise and everything
going down, I stuck to one simple
approach into the market and that is
confluence trading. Having the trade
makes sense. Now yes, was it fun? Was it
exciting? Was it a crazy journey? Yes.
Will I do it again? Maybe. I think that
that person that I was when I started
that challenge was not the same person
that came out at the end of the other
side. And the person that I am today is
not the same person even when I finished
that challenge because that just led me
to understand not only the markets in a
different way, but that let me
understand myself and just trading as a
whole. understanding the opportunity
that trading has to offer and the real
raw way of flipping accounts, aggressive
trading, uh just just just being a
fullblown trader. Just every single
thing that I would wake up, eat, sleep,
breathe would just be trading. There was
nothing else that was on my mind for
those three months of me completing that
journey. And if there's something that I
would take away from that whole entire
journey, it would be that for you to
succeed in this, for you to do what I do
in this or what other people are doing
in this is that you need to do exactly
that. You need to immerse yourself in
this. Like this needs to be what you
eat, sleep, breathe. I have so many
people that come up to me in the public
and they're like, "Hey man, like I I
really want to have this this trading
stuff as like a side gig. Like I want to
have an extra source of income." I'm
like, "Buddy, that's not going to
happen." Like, trading is not going to
be an extra source of income for you.
Like, you're either allin or you're not.
Can it become an extra source of income
in the future once you understand how to
trade and how you do this properly? Yes,
of course, 100%. But you first need to
be all in how I was in that challenge to
understand the markets and understand
yourself on how to understand the
markets. And then once you understand
everything, you could treat it as a side
gig because you get it. But you can't
get something into you don't actually
get it. That is probably the biggest
takeaway that I took from this whole
entire challenge is that I really en
engulfed myself in the market as a
whole. And if there's something that I
now have so much passion for is not only
trading, but it's getting other traders
to understand the markets exactly how I
do it at this point. I have students of
mine now that they break down the trades
and they not only break them down just
like me, but they almost sound like me.
Like they're literally reading the
markets. They're talking head and
shoulder. They're talking area of
interest. They're talking shift to
structure at the exact points where I do
when I break down the trade. Sometimes
some of my students I'm like I don't
even need to teach anymore. Like you
guys can do this for me because this is
like speaking a language. Trading is not
difficult. All you need to do is just
simply learn. Something's not hard if
you don't know it. But when you know it,
you simply know it. For me right now,
talking Chinese will be very difficult.
But is it impossible? No. Will it take
me a year to be able to perfect it and
be able to fluently listen to Chinese
music? Yeah, I'm not going to get it
right off the bat. But if I surround
myself with a bunch of people that speak
Chinese and are constantly communicating
in it and we're writing it down and
everything we do is in Chinese, I'm
going to be able to grab it a lot
faster. And that's where I've been
dedicating a lot of my time to lately.
And it's getting these right people in
the right environment to be speaking
this right language. The people inside
of my community, my community is no
longer open to the public. Like
everything I've lit I like the people
that want to learn how to trade and
learn how to properly read the markets,
like this is what YouTube is for. This
is what this platform is for. It's for
you guys to just go ahead and and have
everything on one spot. That's what this
is for. But the people that actually
want to take trading serious and
actually learn a strategy and be a part
of a community, that's what I dedicate
my time to. back. I have a very very
small circle of traders where I break
down trades with them live. I get to
review their trades live. People get to
actually be on a Zoom call with me
one-on-one. They get to open their mic,
ask me questions. These are people that
are actually serious about trading.
Like, if you want to know what trading
is, how trading works, what is a support
and resistance, what is a this, what is
a that, that that's what my YouTube is
for, and I will gladly do that for you.
And you're going to learn what
everything is, right? There's nothing
else that I can teach you what it is or
how it really works. Like this is
everything you need to know. Now,
there's a very fine line in between
knowing what something is and how it
works and how to master it and use it in
an every single day live real market
example because by the time you're
watching this video, the markets that
you're seeing in these examples are
probably months old, weeks old, maybe
even years old. Depends when you're
watching this video. But what isn't is
these live calls that I do with my
students where we're literally executing
the strategy and on very unique examples
that are happening in the market every
single day. The market's never going to
give you the exact same pattern. It's
going to be very similar. It's going to
have a little bit of tweak here and
there, and that's what I dedicate my new
time to. It's getting these traders to
the next level. Not only understanding
the markets and teaching them the what's
the hows, but it's the exact points when
to execute it and when to not. And I
made a very rookie mistake in my early
years of educating people. And that's
why I took a very big break for a while.
And that's that I pretty much just let
everybody inside of my community. I let
anybody that wanted to join and be part
of a winning community, I would just let
them in because I wanted to help
everybody and anybody. But there was
actually a problem, right? Because all
different types of people would be
joining and just some people that didn't
really want to take it serious and
wanted to make this their their side
thing. And if you're not ready to make
this your full-time thing, I really
don't want to be working with you
because it just simply takes away from
other people that do and people that are
ready to dedicate all their time into
this. So my my community is no longer
available to just anybody. It's the
people that are actually ready to be
part of a circle that's going to be
executing this every single day. If
you're not ready to execute this every
single day, it's just simply not your
time. figure out a time when it's right
for you because the last thing that you
want to do is do something halfass and
then at the end of the day end up
quitting because you never gave your
100%. Just don't even start if you're
not ready to do it. It's just it's just
not meant to be. The timing needs to be
right. You need to be ready to go
through these endless challenges and
this endless journey that trading is
going to go. And my students lately have
been having the most insane results.
Like for example, you can literally take
Mike. Mike took $1,000 into $130,000
while still working a full-time job
living in Canada. And you can take
Philillip, 22 years old, and he made
over $30,000. Look, I I'm I'm not even
going to just speak on this, right? I'm
going to literally show you and let the
results speak for themselves. I have
this I had, bro, I have so many
testimonials of my students that I had
to go create a whole entire YouTube
channel just to upload the podcast in
here. Like and these are just the ones
that I end up making public, but I have
hundreds of podcasts with the thousands
of my students that are part of my
private community where I literally have
to do this interview with them because I
need to really understand what was that
took them from one point to another. Was
it the way how they actually executed
the market structure? Was it the actual
entry signal? Was it the full confluence
trading and using my checklist? Was it
having me every single Sunday sharing
the trades that I'm interested in taking
and they're just following these trades?
I saw a pattern. I saw a pattern in
every single one of these students that
I have done a podcast with and having
crazy results like making $180,000 in
two years, turning $100 into$10,000,
making $62,000 in three months. I
remember this trader, he has a cannabis
business, he's part of it with a
partner, and he made an extra $62,000 in
three months. this student, for example,
where he made $120,000 in one single
year. And I literally made a bet with
him when we did our first podcast and we
did our our part one of our podcast
right over here. And I told him that if
he came back a year later and he was
more profitable than what he was, that I
would give him $10,000. You can go watch
this for yourselves. And I I literally
paid my students $10,000 because I
wanted him to trade my funds. and we
kind of have a little thing going on
where we do a profit split so on and so
forth. The pattern that I saw in every
single one of my students is they follow
the strategy like if their life
dependent on it and they dedicated 100%
of their time to learning this strategy.
Learning the strategy takes time, takes
effort and most importantly you need to
prioritize this. Like if you need to
eat, sleep, breathe trading. And if if
you're that person and you're ready to
take on this journey, I have some new
spots that I'm opening to be part of my
community. The link is in the
description down below. You guys can go
ahead and apply, right? You can't just
join right now. Even if you wanted to,
you have to be qualified to be part of
my community. If if you don't qualify,
you know, you can you'll be able to talk
to my team. My team will be like, "Hey,
look, just let you know you're
qualified." Or, "Hey, look, you're not
qualified for this reason. You should go
work on this or you should go watch this
video first. After you finish watching
this video, maybe come back and apply
again." Right? We have a series of
questions that will be able to determine
if you're the right fit to be part of
this community or not. And just if
you're going to go apply and be a part
of a students, be as truthful as you can
with the answers that you're going to
answer because if you just answer
something with little to no effort, we
we're just going to completely
disqualify you and not even remotely
have any interest in having you part of
the community. We have people that not
only apply once, they apply twice, three
times, and they find multiple ways to
get accepted. And trying to just find a
hack to get in, that's not going to
work, right? Like my team goes through a
very strict process to accepting people
to be part of my community. If I'm
getting on a Zoom call with you on a
one-on-one basis and I'm going to be
breaking down your trades, if we're
going to be reviewing your trades, like
I want to make sure you're the right
person and you're worth my time, right?
And just being fully honest, like I I
don't need to teach more people. I need
to teach the right people because my
goal is to have the most successful
trading community and eventually build I
want to build a trading floor and I have
a lot more plans that I have in the
future and I need the right people to be
part of this circle for me. And if you
care to be part of this community or it
spikes your interest, once again the
link in the description is down below.
Read the application, watch the video
before you watch the uh before you
actually fill out the application so you
understand what you're getting yourself
involved to. If you're not ready to give
your 100%, do not even remotely think
that this is the right time for you.
Once you're ready, once you understand
and you have a clear understanding and
you've seen this video maybe once or
twice, then go ahead and hit that apply
button because we want to make sure that
you're the right fit to be part of this
community and we can actually take your
trading to the next level. And this is
somewhere where not only do I teach you
how to trade, but I teach you how to
trade from 0 to 100. So, I'll give you
the exact full blueprint exactly what I
have just shown you here, but a much
more defined version of it. You're also
going to be part of a winning community
where there's going to be other
successful traders inside of this
community that share the trades that
they're taking every single day. I'm
personally in there engaging as well.
You can ask questions directly to me
inside of this community. You have the
famous Sunday swings where every single
Sunday and once you join you're going to
see the recordings of all of the Sundays
that I've been doing for the last three
years where it's over 150 something
recordings of me literally predicting
the markets every single week and I am
literally getting on a Zoom call every
single Sunday sharing with you the top
trades that I am interested in taking
for the week and why I am interested in
taking these markets because I'm
literally explaining to you this market
is good because of X Y and Z and this
market is bad because of X Y and Z. So
all of your efforts are on the right
market and you're going to execute the
strategy on the right market. The
pattern that I saw with these students
that led them to not only succeeding
because of the strategy is this because
they are part of a winning circle and
they are currently following the proper
markets that they should be following.
And you can also get access for me to
review your trades where you get to get
on a one-on-one with me and I get to
better understand why you're making
certain mistakes on certain trades and
how we can actually fix that because
everybody has different mistakes in
their journey and they're executing
things correctly in some areas but
incorrectly in some areas. And since
you're by yourself in your office and
you don't have somebody there to correct
you, maybe your family, your siblings,
your cousin, they just don't understand
what you're doing, they just simply
don't get it. and you need somebody that
not only knows how to do it, but has
taught thousands of other people that
know how to do it and have become very
successful from it. So, if you think
this is the right fit for you, hit the
link in description down below. We would
love for you to be part of the community
if it's the right fit for you. If not,
check out some more videos. Get a little
bit better understanding of how trading
works. Get a feel for it. Make some
mistakes, make some money, lose some
money, get get that urge of view of
actually executing a trade out. And if
it's something that you still want to
pursue and despite you getting beat up
sometimes and still something that you
want to take on a challenge, come back
and hit the apply button and we'll see
if you're ready to be part of the team.
If you watch the video all the way to
this point, all I want to say is that I
truly wish I saw one of these videos
when I started my journey. I cannot
stress to you how many videos I saw
endlessly inside of YouTube just
searching the internet what certain
things were and how to piece everything
together. And it was honestly just a
nightmare. And you know, looking back to
it now, I don't regret my journey one
bit. And I definitely don't wish I had
it another way. But having a video like
this and having a mentor like what I'm
doing now would have definitely
facilitated everything and would have
saved me a lot of time. And maybe a
couple of my buddies that started this
journey with me, they would have not
quit and they would have not made so
many mistakes where it led them to
quitting because they just got
overwhelmed and didn't see the the light
at the end of the tunnel. it didn't make
sense for them to continue to push
because there was just in their eyes
there was just no real reward for the
risk that they were taking. And you
know, you guys watching this video,
you're extremely fortunate and I I just
want to say thank you for watching this
video to the end. If you guys have not
hit that like and subscribe button, do
that at this very moment right now. Hit
that like and subscribe button. If
you're watching this video in the
future, you know, a couple month couple
of months from when it got uploaded or
even a couple of years from when it got
uploaded, all I can say is that you are
not too late to get trade, like you're
not too late to get involved in
anything. Whether it's just your first
trade, whether it's a new strategy,
whether it's just re-watching this
video, like the markets are not going to
go anywhere. As long as we have
currencies around the world, we will
have a market. Whether it is a digital
currency or whether it is a actual
currency, the markets will be there. The
opportunity for you to make money is
going to be there. Don't get FOMO
thinking, "Oh my god, I have been
wasting two years of my life at this job
when I could have learned this or I
could have been doing this instead of
being at college." Don't get FOMO. Yes,
did you miss out on opportunities? 100%.
But a lot of people have made money from
the opportunities that have just passed
by. But that doesn't mean that there's
not new opportunities coming into the
market. The markets are not going to go
anywhere. I always look forward to
tomorrow and the opportunities of
tomorrow. I never look back at the
opportunities that I missed because I
wasn't part of that. It wasn't meant for
me. It just simply wasn't my time. And I
know there will always be a tomorrow and
there will always be another
opportunity. So, it's not too late to
get started. And if you do get started,
don't try and catch up for lost time.
That is how you simply put yourself into
a deeper hole that can be very very
costly and very difficult to get out of.
So, hope you guys enjoyed this video.
You guys once again have not hit that
like and subscribe button. Hit it. And
uh make sure to watch any other videos.
If you want to be a student, apply down
below. And I hope you guys enjoyed this
video. I'll see you guys on the next
one. Take care, guys. Bye. Oh, oh, oh,
oh, and by the way, by the way, most
importantly, whenever in [\h__\h] doubt,
set them for good voice. They care. See
you.
