Today marks exactly 3 years from the
 
last time that I ever took a position on
gold. You guys can see this post right
here from my Instagram on November 8th,
2022 of where I closed a live position
for $60,000 in front of my community
where all of my community killed it. And
this clip literally just went viral
because of my reaction. It was my
biggest profit I had ever made at that
time. Oh,
[laughter]
that's why we don't put it.
ALL OF THIS LIKE YO [screaming] WHAT the
and for some reason my strategy never
aligned with gold again. I started
trading currency pairs and gold started
acting crazy and I said you know what I
put it to the side never traded it ever
again. Fast forward 3 years and [music]
we traded gold coincidentally on the
exact three-year mark from the last time
I ever traded gold. This is a pure
coincidence and I wanted to put my
strategy to the test. I wanted to show
people that if you have a winning
checklist and you have a proper trading
plan, you can actually trade anything.
[music] Doesn't matter if it's futures,
if it's commodities, if it's currency
pairs. And this time around, I decided
to be a bit more bold and risk a [music]
bit more money. Because a lot of traders
say that if you're a forex trader, you
can't be a futures trader. If you're a
futures trader, you can't be a forex
trader. Or forex traders are not real
and future [music] traders are real.
Well, I put my strategy to the test to
see how that went. because I've been a
profitable trader in the currency market
for the last four years consistently,
[music] but I've never really put it to
test outside of the currency market
because I don't have to. I'm already
making money in the currency market. But
you know what? I like proving people
wrong and [music] testing myself and
challenging myself to show people that
if you have a winning trading plan, you
can put that on any type of market. And
we just killed it on gold. So, let me
show you guys. [music] Now, you're
probably wondering, how did I just
stumble across a high probability trade
setup on gold if I haven't traded it for
years? Well, I was on a consecutive
three-w weekek missing out trades from
the market. Not even a winning streak,
not even a losing streak. I was on a
streak of just missing out opportunities
every single week. And my community,
because I do Zoom calls every single
week with my students, they just kept
spamming the chat, gold, check out gold,
gold, gold. And I'm like, all right,
fine. I added gold to my watch list. And
when I look at gold, I can see a pattern
that I see in the currency market all of
the time when I take high risk counter
trend trades. [music] And I said, "Hm,
let's give this one a shot." Because it
just simply makes sense. If I were to
just cut out the frame of gold [music]
and let's just like the charts and not
even and like put a different currency
pair in front of it, put Euro USD,
[music] I would take that trade every
day, all day, every day. It meets my
trading plan. The trade makes sense. And
that's exactly what we did. We decided
to just look at the market for what it
is, [music] not for the type of
commodity, the type of currency pair.
Just looking at the technicals and
trading purely based off the technicals,
not taking any consideration for
fundamentals. Now, keep in mind, gold
wasn't the only market that I was
interested in trading for the week. I
was interested in NZDUSD, EuroUSD,
USDCHF, and GBPND, [music] which I'd say
three of out of these five six markets
that I was interested for the week
actually had the move that I was
interested in. I just didn't manage to
get my entry. And a lot of you guys are
going to see in this video now where I
break down that I look for a very
specific [music] entry. I like to have
what I like to call the perfect trade
setup. And I have what is called a
perfect trade checklist. I literally
have a checklist where I literally check
off everything on that checklist and if
everything checks off, I take the trade.
If everything does not check off, I do
not take the trade because it is not a
perfect trade setup. So lately, I have
been a very picky trader [music] simply
because I want to take the best type of
trades. I'm in the quality game, not the
quantity [music] type of game. I want to
make sure I can catch a 1 to three, one
to four, not a quick one to one or one
to two. So, let me show you how I break
down gold and I can exactly [music]
understand where this market is, exactly
how it would be if it was a currency
pair and how I found that perfect trade
setup. Third and definitely not least is
gold. So, gold right now, I am
potentially waiting for price to come
back and retest this area of interest.
So, let let me give you guys my thought
process on gold and why I think we're
going to sell off.
We're at an all-time high. After us
being at this all-time high, we have
clearly shown signs of a slowdown. Now,
the weekly time frame has done this is
an ugly evening star formation, but it's
that without a doubt. So, we've shown
that we've slowown down after this high.
Something that continues to go to the
upside just needs to have a some type of
a retracement before we continue going
up. It just needs proper structure. I'm
taking this trade as if it were to be a
foreign exchange currency pair. And I'm
just treating it based off of market
structure, not for the commodity that it
is. Right? So this right here on the
daily time frame, the daily time frame
structure has gone bearish. Whether you
trade ICT, ICP, PP, [\h__\h] whatever,
this is the higher low and now we have
shifted below it making this bearish.
This is currently cooking up a potential
head and shoulders. Now this is not an
area of interest on the daily time
frame. We all know an area of interest
needs a minimum of three touches. This
only has one. And if you look left,
obviously there's [\h__\h] nothing
because we've never been this high. But
on the 4 hour, you can tell that we have
some very clean 4hour rejection
candlesticks. Resistance, resistance,
support, support. And right now, we are
cooking up some resistance. We're
rejecting that EMA. 4our has shifted
bearish very clean 1 hour lower highs
and lower lows until right now where we
have broken above. What I'm going to be
waiting for price on gold is going to be
for price to give me a another retest of
this area, even a liquidity grab and
then [music] a shift to then sell to the
downside. So, I'm going to be waiting
for any bearish confirmations from gold
to basically sell. To be completely
honest, I I that that's really it. I'm
trading this as a foreign exchange pair.
I'm trading it basically off of the
market structure that it's showing me.
And we're going to either make money
this week on this pair or lose money.
But I do want to enter a sell position
on gold. I'm not trading against the
trend. I'm just trading again based off
of what structure is showing me if I
were to be trading a currency pair. So
I'm treating this as such. Now moving on
to day two. We waited for that extra
extra confirmation which is we're
waiting for the market to show us the
hand first. I want the market to confirm
to me that it is indeed rejecting this
area of interest. I want the market to
tell me that we're actually going in
that direction. I personally [music] do
not care if I get a little bit of a
later entry and I have to give a bit of
a bigger stop-loss if I have that
confirmation that we are actually going
in that direction. It just simply makes
sense. I don't want to enter a trade
anticipating if the market is going to
have that move. Rather, if it literally
shows us that we are already having that
move because we're just entering with
momentum at that point and we're
continuing with the trade rather than
trying to pick that perfect top or
predict that perfect bottom. I've tried
to do that for years and trust me that
is a battle that you will never win.
There might be some trades where you do
catch and it does look cool when you
post a screenshot because you have a
sniper entry at a wick. But for
longevity and for sustainability in your
account, trust me, it's cooler to just
be profitable than to have a cooler
entry doesn't really make sense. But
this is where we wait for these extra
confirmations. And I break it down now.
Gold has had the pullback into this area
exactly how I wanted. The 4 hour time
frame has given us a little bit of a
rejection from this area.
What I really like is a two-hour clean
two-hour bearish engulfing one hour
clean 1 hour evening star formation. I
just like that obviously it's doing what
it's supposed to do below this
resistance. Price is rejecting. All
right, just quick update on all the
other markets. AUDUSD, we [\h__\h] missed
the whole entire thing and it's okay.
[music] Not a big deal. You're a GVP. We
missed the whole [\h__\h] thing once
again. It's okay. Not a big deal.
NTDUSD, we missed the [\h__\h] thing.
It's okay. Not a big deal. Yeah, we've
missed everything. And I'm not going to
miss gold. And I think it's like the one
pair or the one market that we should
not be [\h__\h] with. We should not be
[\h__\h] with gold right now. I mean,
technically, I should be entering right
now. I just want to see the push. I want
the confirmation. I rather get a worse
entry. Like I literally rather get an
entry down here, but it have the
confirmation that it's actually pushing
to the downside. I'll make my stops a
bit tighter. Make the risk-to-reward
worth it. But I want that confirmation
that the market is indeed going to go
down. So, we're going to continue to
wait for this confirmation. I have my
alarm set here or my alarm set here. So,
it notifies me when the market does one
of the other honestly. But I believe
this is ready to go down. I don't think
that this is going to go further up.
I could be wrong though.
This area of interest is a bit tricky.
We can make it something like that.
Maybe a little bit more.
Yeah, it's it's okay, right? It's okay.
So, I'm going to keep my I'm literally
I'm just staring at this right now. Just
literally like this. This is what live
trading feels like. I'm just
sucks. So, we'll come back as soon as
this gives us our entry confirmation,
but I'm going to be waiting for a
rejection to sell. Long story short,
right now we have the rejection that
we've been looking for from gold, but
there's a [\h__\h] [\h__\h] problem
and that is that we are out of session
or about to be out of session. So, I'm
going to be very interested in taking
this trade come London session right now
because we are ending New York session
and I am not seeing any clean reaction
from this market at this very moment
right now. So I am not like I mean this
is a very clean reaction but like I
don't see enough momentum. Let me
correct myself there. Right. This is a
clean reaction. I don't see enough
momentum from this market. So I am not
interested in jumping in into this trade
right now. I already missed out on
AUDUSD from those highs. Looks like it's
going to be retracing right now which is
phenomenal. Euro GBP same exact thing. I
don't want to miss this one, but I also
don't want to enter a trade out of
session just because I'm going to be
there's a some potential unnecessary
draw down. This is not a bad entry even
entering here, but I'm going to be very
very very patient on my entry. So, for
now, we'll come back pre-London session
and enter with these impulse sells.
Continuing on to day three, we start off
our morning with the best and most
anticipated move that we can possibly
have, a massive bearish candlestick to
the downside. Now, this is where these
extra extra extra confirmations come in
extremely clutch because [music] you get
a precise entry, no draw down, straight
to take profit. That's cool for an
example like this, but I also battle
with many times where I wait for these
extra extra extra confirmations where I
miss out on these opportunities. On this
specific example, it per it worked
perfectly. I could have not asked for
any type of better extra extra
confirmation. No draw down. Enter the
trade straight [music] into profit. And
the trade actually had the break of the
neckline. Came back, retested it. We
were out of session. Came back, retested
it again. I got my perfect bearish
engulfing candlestick [music] and I took
the trade right early in the morning.
And then I had a couple zooms in the
morning that I had to [music] do, which
I was late in. And then as soon as I
ended up, I started recording. Started
pretty much just c like capturing the
moment of what was happening. And to say
the least, I was pretty hyped. Oh my
god. [laughter]
That's all I got to [\h__\h] say. Oh, you
can't trade gold. You can't trade this.
Yo, I am telling you, make bro up
$136,000
on gold right now. I'm not going to lie.
[snorts] I'm not going to lie. I went a
little conservative. I was being a
little [\h__\h] I was scared. All the
people out there scaring me, saying,
"Oh, gold will [\h__\h] you. Gold d bro. Why
do I listen to people, bro, that don't
know what they're doing? Man, this this
is annoying." Because I could have
totally treated this like a regular
currency pair exactly how I did with my
analysis and I could have capitalized
off of this like a regular currency
pair. I explained perfectly the sell
off. Explained perfectly everything.
[\h__\h] man. We got the break of this
neckline right here. This left head,
right shoulder. We broke this neckline.
We came back and retested it. This was
out of session. So then I let the trade
come back once again. Gave me that
bearish engulfing candlestick rejection
from the EMA. this area of interest and
below round psychological 4,000.
Beautiful sell-off. It does not get any
cleaner, any simpler than this. It's the
exact same [\h__\h] that I do with currency
pairs. Nothing changes at all. Like,
nothing would change if this was a like
I could have just seen this chart. Like,
let's say you're only showing me this
right here. I'm going to trade this
pattern every single time because this
is a winning pattern. Doesn't matter if
it's on gold, if it's on US30, S&P 500,
EuroUSD, GBPN, it doesn't matter. It's
just a winning pattern. And I have the
checklist. I have the strategy that I
use every single week to follow my trade
because this is what I look for in a
trade. I look for this specific pattern.
I don't care if it's on the [\h__\h]
Mexican peso against the Russian dollar,
if those are even currencies. The point,
I'm sure they are currencies. The point
is that this is a winning pattern. This
is the pattern that simply [\h__\h]
works. Doesn't matter what type of
market it shows it on. And I have just
busted that myth here once again on
another week trading the markets,
testing myself, and attempting to try
something new.
[sighs]
This feels good. [laughter]
All I can say is set and forget. Ladies
and gentlemen, this has been a beautiful
Well, the trade's not done. Job's not
finished, but this is just a beautiful
example. AUDUSD
laing. Bro, I [\h__\h] missed this [\h__\h]
bro. This is such a beautiful trade
setup. I missed it. Euro GBP price came
back into this area of interest. I am
yet to have my entry. I want to wait for
price to actually break below this area
before I can have the selloff. NZDUSD
did not give us the pullback. It just
opened up, kept going down. Euro USD
opened up, kept going down. Everything
just kept going down and this one kept
going up. GBPD has officially made it to
this area of interest. So now I'm going
to be waiting for this market to give us
the shift of structure for us to be
interested in selling this market to the
downside. And I want to wait for that
daily time frame to close so I can have
that daily rejection as a confirmation.
[sighs] This is this is fun. See, I
needed this. I needed this. This is uh I
definitely definitely definitely needed
this because trading gets boring
sometimes. And I haven't traded in like
I haven't had a winning trade in like
two weeks, three weeks. So, I definitely
needed this, especially on gold. This is
just fantastic. Picasso, this is
perfect.
You know what I'm talking about, you
[\h__\h]
Uh, set and forget. It's all I got to
say. We'll check back in in a couple of
hours. All right. All right. All right.
That's all I got to say. [laughter]
It feels good to wake up from a nap. I
just woke back from a nap. And to see
that your trading bias is so [\h__\h]
right and your strategy and your
analysis is so [\h__\h] right that a
trade can do this. It can have a push,
could have the retracement, but trade
will continue its trend.
I've worked so hard to get to this point
where I am right now in trading where
I'm so confident in my analysis and I'm
so confident in my trade, you know,
despite all the memes, despite all the
troll [\h__\h] that I do.
I've worked really hard to get in this
position.
So, all I can say is that I'm going to
continue to hold this trade. I'm going
to continue to enjoy the fruits of my
labor and I'm going to continue to
[\h__\h] set and forget. Every other
trade is pretty much gone, right?
There's no possible entry in them. So,
I'm just going to let this one do its
thing. You know, right now we are
currently up a nearly one to two
risk-to-reward. So, let's let it cook.
We'll be back. And oh boy, did it cook.
So before I show you guys exactly what
happened on gold, I want you guys to
understand the whole my my whole entire
purpose and reasoning behind taking gold
is for me to prove a point that gold is
exactly the same as any other market.
People always make this claim, oh gold
is a is a monster. It's a beast. It's
you got to be scared of it. Be cautious
when you go trade it.
[\h__\h] I think gold is exactly the
same as any other market. I just think
it trends harder obviously because it's
heavily backed by the fundamentals. But
if you just look at the market patterns
that are presented by this market, it
literally does the exact same thing as a
currency market. So my whole approach,
my whole narrative, my whole reasoning
to trading gold is so I treat it like a
currency pair. So there's some decisions
that I make that are exact same things
that I would do on a currency pair.
might not be what gold traders are used
to and something that gold traders
typically don't do, but it's my normal
in my world and it's what I do every
single week when I trade with my
students. So, following back on what
gold did after I did the what I like to
call the perfect entry trade basically
hit my 1 to2 after I had this massive
push to the downside. Gold came back and
then it retested this structure points
right at this area and then price came
all the way back and gave me that one to
two risk-to-reward. So this is where we
stopped our last market update. As you
guys can tell I am obviously not home
right now in my office. I had to travel.
Right now I am in a mastermind that I'm
going to be doing with some of my
private students and I had to travel
over here. I was late for my flight.
pilots were basically like backing the
delay that we had to leave and I just
packed all my stuff and left and as you
guys can see right here I can see to the
left whenever the market has this break
and retest from this area it's very
shortlived break and retest from this
area it's very shortlived except from
this point right here so as soon as
price came back once again to my 1 to2
risk-to-reward I decided to close out
one of my positions on one of my
accounts which you guys can see right
here which is the one that I was showing
you guys and then on my other account
which which is the one that I like to be
a bit more ballsy, a bit more high-risk.
I decided to continue to hold that
position and that position that I
decided to continue and hold basically
came back and took me out at my
stop-loss. I know what a lot of you guys
might be saying, Alex, why didn't you
close that position on that account at
break even? Why don't you ever go to
break even? I am not a break even
trader. I am either going to have my
trade hit my stop loss or have my trade
hit my takerit. There's no in between. I
am a firm believer if you are closing
out your trade at big at break even
you're not comfortable with your trade.
So I was anticipating for price to come
back into this area give me clean
rejections and then have a continuation
push to the downside. I already closed
the bigger position already out at a out
of 1 to2 but on my other account I was
wanting for this trade to continue to
have a new lower low leg to the
downside. So this is technically a
perfect head and shoulders right now.
And what I was anticipating for price to
do is after we had this left head
and now this right shoulder, excuse me.
I was going to anticipate for price to
have that push all the way down,
continuating that right shoulder to the
downside. Price came back and now I
decided to have another pullback before
it can potentially do that. This is
basically setting up the exact same
trade for this upcoming week. So I will
probably take the exact same trade once
again on this market because it's just
doing the exact same position. So, I
anticipated for this trade to make it
down to this leg and even lower and I
wanted to be the hero and have a hero
move. Say, oh, I caught a one to five on
risk-to-reward, you know, and that's why
I do this on my other accounts where
it's not as significant uh compared to
my other account. But yeah, basically
closed out the main position which I
record for this channel on uh the one to
two once price came back into there
because I was just going to be
traveling. Caught my 1 to2, that's all I
needed. And on my other account, price
came all the way back into break even
and then took me out of my stop loss,
didn't budge for a single second. That
was part of my plan. I stuck to it. And
I will not change that for anything. If
I'm trading gold, if I'm trading
currencies, if I'm trading forex, if I'm
trading anything. And you guys can just
see this clip right here of me in GBP
CAD. Being greedy in the market just
made me lose $120,000 on this trade. I
was up 200K. Now I'm only up $83,000. I
was trying to hit the jackpot. I was
trying to make half a million on the
trade. Did the trade have the
possibility to do that? Sure. But if I
already hit my 1 to4, one to five risk
to reward, why not close the trade out
there? And I understand I did a dumb
decision and now I'm paying the
consequences for it. But guess what? I
go take another trade and I don't go in
with the same mindset. I learned from my
mistakes. I'm not going to let this
trade affect my next trade. Showing you
guys right here. This how we do it. 50.
Hold on. Let me screen record it for the
haters on uh social media.
>> [laughter]
>> You got to do it for the [\h__\h] haters.
This is the haters goals right here.
Their goal is to make $55,000 a month.
And I'm doing this on accident. Like I
am like this is like break even to me
almost where I was up a one to four, one
to five risk-to-reward. And I committed
to the trade. I wanted for the trade to
go to a 1 to 10. Could you call it a bit
greedy? Sure. But the the cool part
about it is I understand the decision
that I'm making and that does not affect
me with my next trade. A lot of people
when they go and get greedy with their
trades, they let that influence their
next trade and they start getting FOMO.
They start taking trades that they
shouldn't be taking. I can take these
ballsy moves and be more greedy or be
more savage, whatever you want to call
it, but it won't affect my next trade. I
stick to my trading plan because I have
a perfect trade checklist that I follow
every single week and I know exactly
what I'm doing and I'm totally okay with
it and I know exactly how I can fix that
or spot it when I'm doing it again. So
yeah, I did that once in GPP CAD. I was
up like 200 grand and trade came back
and took me out of my stop loss. Now,
this is just another one of those
examples where I anticipated a bigger
risk-to-reward. Didn't happen for the
majority of it, but I think we're going
to take the same trade in this upcoming
week. But to me, this is a perfect and a
beautiful trade setup, and I plan to
take these trades every single time the
market presents themselves. Now, some
weeks of me making this decision of
continuing to hold the position or not
lets me either have a losing week or a
losing streak, a winning week or a
winning streak, break even week or a
break even [music] streak like the one I
was just coming off of right now because
of me deciding to enter this trade. And
the beauty of this outcome is because I
have the perfect trade checklist. I know
the exact trade that I'm taking every
single time that I'm taking it. And I'm
able to make a decision. Is this a
perfect trade or not? If it's not, I
might either not take it or lower my
risk. If it is the perfect trade, I
either take it or up my risk. And that
is the beauty of the results of my
trading is that I know exactly the type
of trade that I'm taking and that
directly reflects in my results. Now,
whether you're a beginner trader,
intermediate trader, or even experienced
or advanced trader, we have students
that join every single week where they
jump [music] in and we educate them from
the level that they are to get them to
understand the strategy that I use every
single week because you're working with
me directly on a one-on-one basis where
I'm reviewing your trades, [music]
you're being part of a winning
community, and most importantly, you
literally get to get access to the exact
trades that I am interested in trading
every single Sunday before the market
even opens. So, I'm not only educating
you on how to trade, but I'm setting you
up for success by giving you the perfect
markets trade every single week. So, if
you're interested in that and you want
to see how that works and if [music] you
could even get accepted, because not
anybody could just get accepted, click
the link in description down below and
see what the community is about and how
students every [music] single week are
following the setup forget strategy and
this perfect trade checklist to have
these results and catch [music] all
types of trades in the markets. So, hope
you guys enjoyed this video. Make sure
to hit that like and subscribe button
and I'll see you guys on the next
