Why are 90% of people losing money
 
trading though? Because they simply do
not understand how to hold their hands.
They just want to feel involved. 99% of
traders lose money, it's because of
their self- thoughts. It's not because
of a strategy. You can have the best
strategy in the world. But if you don't
have the proper mindset to control that
execution of that strategy at the right
time, you're not doing anything. At 24,
he's gone from pouring coffee to
mastering the forex markets. Now,
teaching thousands how to trade and win.
the mindset, the strategy, the story
behind the charts. Today's guest on the
Frankle podcast is Alex Gonzalez. Give
people a bit of an insides journey. Like
we weren't down, but we were average.
Never Bugattis, never jets, never the
lifestyle I'm living now. And I wanted
all these big things, but obviously
working the regular system is not going
to get you that. And I can go into the
market and risk 20% of my account and I
will literally go into the grocery store
and you won't even know that I just lost
half a million dollars. You have to
learn who you are as a trader and how
much risk appetite you have. I just
worked a whole entire week to pay off
this red light ticket. This [\h__\h] is not
going to make sense. So then from that
moment forward, I kind of had this
mindset that had to change in order for
me to actually start making money to
live the life that I want in a different
way that's not working. Your best piece
of advice, what would that be? Some
people not in the best financial
situation and they want to become a
millionaire this year. Be realistic. You
don't know a skill set. You're not going
to become a millionaire this year even
if you have the best mindset. But a lot
of
people and we are back and today guys
I'm absolutely buzzed to be joined by
this trader and entrepreneur the man
himself Alex G. Welcome to the show.
Thank you very much for having me on.
Thank you mate. I'm I'm buzzing for this
one cuz I'm going to absolutely make you
cook on a new level of podcasting. I
tell you today I'm ready for it. I
haven't done a podcast probably in like
six to eight months. So I'm I'm very
stoked. You ready? You ready mate? I
think the best place for us to start is
to give people a bit of an insight into
journey. Obviously anybody can search on
social media and see the flamboyancy
with all the stuff that you got. You
know, the Bugattis and the cars and the
jets and all this stuff, but let's just
bring it back to obviously where you
began and obviously your family came
from Cuba. They came to Miami. Give us a
bit of an insight into that. Yeah. So,
my parents were born and raised in Cuba,
you know, like the classic Miami story
for the 90% of the people from Miami.
And my dad came to Miami late 80s on a
raft. He left Cuba from this little
harbor from there one time at night. Six
of his friends literally old school had
a way out probably seven days at sea,
made it to the beach here, obviously did
through the whole system. My mom did the
same thing. They met here, had me. And
uh we were raised in a very average
household. You know, we weren't wealthy,
we weren't poor. Both of my parents had
very good paying jobs in the early days.
And towards around 2010, my dad opened
up a business which was doing well for
the time which kind of put us on a
little bit better of a average
household. Like we all had decent cars.
We all had a like we could go on a
vacation once a month. We can go out to
a basic restaurant, you know, like we
weren't down, but we were average. Never
Bugattis, never jets, never the
lifestyle that I'm living now.
Obviously, it's very different. But my
dad to me was probably one of the guys
that was what led me to where I am today
because he is a very old school guy that
just thinks about all you got to do is
work, work and work. There's no other
solution to life to be successful. It's
just work. He doesn't believe in
innovation. Doesn't believe in creating
a system. Doesn't believe in creating a
product. Doesn't believe in any of that.
He just thinks work money. Doesn't think
there's any other way to make money. And
that obviously was a very limiting
belief of him and it was where we kind
of crash heads all the time and he
didn't believe in me doing something
different aside from just working to
make money. So I kind of just did what
he told me to do. I went to Dunkin
Donuts. I got multiple different jobs
where on the early days I was just
working to make money because that's
what I had to do to make money according
to my dad, right? Like that's the only
way to make money. And obviously you
know when you're working at Dunkin
Donuts you're making $9 an hour. you
know, that's not fun, right? It's not
the future. It's really not going to get
you Lamborghini. It's not going to get
you a big house. And I wanted all these
big things, but obviously working the
regular system is not going to get you
that. And the day that it hit me was
that I got a paycheck for $158 from
Dunkin Donuts. I think I'd only work
like two days, two days out of that
week. And that same day in the mail, I
got a red light ticket for
$158 because I took a red light that
they're automatic and they send them
right to your house. And I remember that
I'm like, "Wow, I just worked a whole
entire week to pay off this red light
ticket. This [\h__\h] is not going to make
sense." So then from that moment
forward, I kind of had this mindset that
had to change in order for me to
actually start making money to live the
life that I want in a different way
that's not working. That's when I got
into how to make money online and
figuring out how to make money without
having to put time into something. I
want to learn a skill set that can
actually make me that money. And that
has, you know, been this neverending
journey that we're in today. What do you
what do you find is the the the whole
Cuban mentality to life, though? Like
your dad just wanted you to just
constantly swap time for money, time for
money, time for money. Is that is that
the whole Cuban ethos? Yeah. The whole
Cuban minds is very old school.
Everything in Cuba is stuck in the
1960s, 1950s. And the only way that you
can actually get something in Cuba is if
you go work for it. You have to go out
and you have to hustle. You have to
figure out a way how you're going to get
something by you going to out to go get
it. There's no creativity in Cuba.
There's no way for you to prosper.
You're not going to be able to build
something. It's just not going to
happen. And that's just been a mindset
that's been engraved over the last
almost 80 years of these Cubans dealing
with the communism and dealing with the
depression that they're being put
through. So, it it just kind of sticks
because they're they're scared of taking
risks. They're scared of doing something
different. So all the only way for you
to get something is if just you work.
There's no other way. Do you think the
biggest gift that your dad gave you was
the ability to be in America right now
and and and the opportunity and the
abundance that that gives you? I think
the biggest gift that he gave me is not
believing in me. He didn't believe in me
that I was going to be who I am. He
didn't believe in me that I was going to
succeed to the level that I have
succeeded. And I feel like that's what
pushed me to wanting more. And even now
at this point, I'll lend him my Lambo
for a weekend. He still doesn't believe
it. He doesn't think it's real. He
doesn't he doesn't think it's going to
last. Obviously, because you know I'm
I'm his little boy. Doesn't understand
that the amount of success I've
achieved. Like he doesn't even know how
much money I make. He just sees all the
stuff and he's like, "Oh, he's going to
get rid of it next week, next month.
It's not going to last forever." He just
doesn't understand. He doesn't grasp
that I have a car payment that's
$70,000. He just doesn't understand
that. He never will. And I'm not going
to change that mindset in him because
there's just no changing that. And I
don't want to go back and forth with
him. But him not believing in me led me
to want to show him what is possible. Do
you do you like does he understand that
you've changed the whole family lineage
with what you've done? He does. Yeah.
But he doesn't believe he doesn't
understand. He doesn't know how wealthy
I am. He really has no idea. And I don't
I don't want him to know because I don't
want him to bring more of that
negativity towards me right now. We've
built a good bond over the last year, I
would say, because he's kind of just
accepted who I've become. And I I don't
want to ruin that for now. I think it
must be hard though for him as a like
toughened Cuban guy having seen what
he's seen in life to accept that his
son's now generating uh like money
beyond all realms of reality that he's
seen. Bro, you go on Google right now
and you search up old school Cuban dad
and a picture's going to pop up.
Mustache, cigar, open up shirt, gold
chain, sitting playing dominoes. That's
my dad. Yeah. So he's he he is not going
to understand this new [\h__\h] that's going
on. when when you were obviously at the
point where you're at Dunkin Donuts,
you're looking at that paycheck, you've
got you now start searching how to make
money online, how to generate money, how
to generate cash flow. What were some of
the options that were on the table to
you at the time? And what ultimately
made you pick trading? So, I actually
started off with drop shipping, right?
Because it was just the most logical
business model. You buy something for 10
bucks, you buy enough of it, you get it
for maybe eight, nine, you put it online
for 12. And it just makes sense. It's a
profitable business model. Started off
with that. But the way that I got
introduced to it is that you needed some
type of money to actually buy all these
products. You needed a credit card with
some type of limits in order for you to
buy enough quantity of products so you
could get a better price point. And as I
was getting involved in it, I'm like,
bro, I don't have $10,000 to throw into
this right now to get a good price. So
where I actually make a margin and
profit. So I probably dabbled with that
for two, three months. That didn't make
me any money. After that, I got into
rental arbitrage. So, Airbnb arbitrage
where you would go to spots like this.
You would subleasase it. You would just
rent it out for a year and then you
would do Airbnb on the daily. And I
studied for that probably for three
months. I studied the laws. I created
the systems. I hired the ladies, the
cleaning ladies. I got the in like I did
everything to build the system for it.
But I was finding the right unit when it
came to the time to sign the year lease
with the right unit.
I'm 20 years old. I'm 19 years old. No
landlord is going to sign me a year
lease when I have no bank statements,
when I have no credit, when I have no
history to me. So, everything was good
up until the point where I actually had
to go get this property and sign the
lease so I can subleasase it out. I
tried to get one of my cousins to sign
for me. They didn't do it. I tried to
get my mom, my dad to do it. They didn't
do it. So, I was kind of just left with
no option that I'm not able to do it
because I can't actually sign a lease.
I'm not able to get this property to
subleasase it. Then after that, I got
into trading, but I got into trading
with stocks. Like, cuz stocks is like
the most regulated thing. After dabbling
with stocks a little bit, you need a
minimum of $25,000 to open up a decent
stock account with a proper brokerage or
platform, whatever it is. I have 25
grand. And then trading forex came
around with these IML events. So, these
like multi-level marketing events. IML.
Yeah. And one of my friends was like
posting these stories that he was at
these like events where there's like
10,000 people. They're out shouting. I'm
like, "Yo, we're all millionaires." And
I'm like, "All right, bro. Let's see
what this is about." I went to one of
those events. I got sold on the product.
It was 200 bucks a month, 250 bucks a
month, whatever. And obviously, after
about 30 days, I realized they're not
going to teach you trading, but I
understood that you can get involved
into trading currencies with just a
hundred bucks. I'm like, "Oh, this is
perfect. I can just start with a 100
bucks and make two, three, four hundred
bucks." They're like, "Yeah, I learned
that the multi-level marketing is not
the way to go." I left that and then I
just started dabbling on how to trade
currencies. Went into YouTube probably
for two and a half years on endless
rabbit holes. And after two and a half
years, I figured out a system that
worked where it got me to the point
where I am now. What was the system you
ultimately figured that allowed you to
transcend you having to, you know, trade
the stocks, having the gaps, having the
market opens, market closes, the
differences, you know what I mean? I
imagine forex was because the market was
open the whole time, right? Yeah. So,
the big difference in between the
currency market and the stock market is
that it's open 245 and the entry bar is
a lot smaller. So, you could start with
even 10 bucks if you wanted to. Some
platforms that you start take your first
trade with just 10 bucks. But where
really did it for me was that you're
actually able to trade 245 right at the
beginning that is cool because like
okay, I can have my job, I can work my 9
to5 and then I can trade in the
afternoon or I can trade at night. That
was very attractive because the stock
market you have to just trade 9 to5
Monday through Friday. If I have a job,
I can't be trading the stock market. Let
me go trade the currency market. Which
ultimately was not good that I actually
entered the currency market with that
mindset that okay, I'm going to trade
when I want, not when the markets give
me the opportunity because the times
that the market were available to me was
when the markets actually move the
worst. So yes, the market is open 245,
but there's specific there's about a
eight hour range to 10 hour range that
the markets simply don't do anything.
They're just stand still. They're open.
You can go take a trade, but the
volatility is very low and the
opportunity for you to catch a good
trade is not that high. And the cost to
trade in those times are also more
expensive. But obviously, I didn't know
that at the beginning. You know, you end
up learning this after you get involved
after a while. So it was very attractive
at the beginning because I could trade
when I wanted but trading when I wanted
was not going to make me profitable.
It's creating the system. The system
consists of following the trend, buying
or selling at a strong support or
resistance level and then having an
entry signal. It sounds very simple now,
but that took me about two and a half
years to really figure out because it's
all about risk management as well, isn't
it? Because you know what they say one
one two% per trade. Mhm. But I know that
you've done other things where you're
turning $100 into a million and and
you're trading 100% per trade. So like
and obviously you're doing that later
down the track when you when you've
already learned the system. So if you
were to break down the basic system for
someone who today who's watching this
for the first time, they've never done
trading before, but they want to start
like how would you set set it up from
the beginning? It would start off you
need to understand that it's not you
versus the market. It's you versus you.
The market is not going to click buy or
sell on your phone. You're the one
that's going to be tempted because
you're going to think that you see
something on the market that makes sense
and you're going to go and click that
button. Before you go click that button,
you need to ask yourself a series of
like 10 different questions. It's like,
is this properly having a right trend?
Is this at an area of interest? Does
this meet the strategy? Am I in the
session? Is the risk-to-reward making
sense? There's just so many things that
factor into the actual point of
executing a trade that traders don't ask
themselves those questions. So the first
thing is when you're ready to enter a
trade, don't don't do it. Ask yourselves
many series of questions before you
enter. Is this a logical trade? Am I
looking to make back some profits that I
lost yesterday? Am I looking just to be
involved because I have to leave work in
five minutes and this is the only window
I have to take a trade. All of these
things factor greatly into the result of
that trade. If you remove all of these
external things and you only focus on
entering a trade based off of what a
trade is, 90% of people will make so
much more money because they make it
about the market and they don't make it
about themselves. You have to take a
trade when the trade is ready, not when
you're ready. And trades can take two,
three days to be ready to last week I I
took zero trades. There's some weeks
where you don't take trades. There's
some weeks where you take a lot of
trades. But the basis of it is taking a
trade based off of what the market is
telling you, not what you think that
you're reading off of the market. It has
to be something that is plain obvious in
front of you. One of my mates, Lloyd, I
watched him for years like playing
around in different on different charts,
making trades. Sometimes I even thought
he was trading too much. Yeah. And then
he started to to like just trade the
Bitcoin chart and just swing trade and
just take, you know, just wait for the
setups that he's predetermined. that
setup is his setup and he's only trading
these type of setups and then he just
take action on those and then the
difference is like hundreds and hundreds
of thousands of dollars difference
between losing thousands of dollars and
now hundreds and hundreds of thousands
in profit just because if the setup's
not there even if it's not there for
like seven days you're not going to take
it but that patience I I feel like you
can't teach that you have to live it.
Yeah. It's very difficult for you to
explain to somebody that you're going to
make more money if you do nothing. just
don't trade and you're gonna make more
money. That just doesn't make sense
because the average person is used to
you're going to make more money if you
go work overtime. You go work overtime,
you work more, you get paid more. But in
this industry, the less you do, the more
you make. It's very confusing for some
people to just sit on their hands and
just wait for the market to do its
thing. They just don't understand.
That's something that it took me
probably eight months of solidly just
sitting on my hands before I entered the
trade when I entered the trade and after
I entered the trade because once you
enter a trade you feel like you're the
king of the world and then you want to
go do that again. So you're chasing that
high because I suppose I suppose it's a
high isn't it when you're putting so
much money on the line. How did you
originally build up your your money base
to be able to take the kind of trades
you are now? like how how was the
initial period done? So, yeah. So, at
the beginning, I lost a lot of money. I
lost about like $30,000, and it was some
of my dad's money because I I was
getting him to like convince me, give me
a little bit of money, but he didn't
really know what it was going towards. I
told him that I was just going to invest
into stuff, but he didn't really care.
So, I I lost about $30,000 in the first
two and a half years. But then after
that, once I figured out a system, I
came across this thing called prop
firms. I'm not sure if you're familiar
with it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So these prop
firms, they basically give you an
evaluation process. Once you pass the
evaluation process, you get funded 50,
100K, two, 300K, and then you keep 70%
of it. So the challenge cost about 500
bucks, and then you could get access to
100K account. Took me about 30 different
tries, 40 different tries before I
actually passed and got a payout. My
first payout was for like $20,000. And
then from that moment forward, I put the
money into my personal account and I
start risking more than the traditional
1 2%. I'm risking five, six, seven% on
my personal account. And that's how I
started scaling over time. So, break
down this funded accounts whole thesis
because I know some of it is legitimate
and some of it is a scam. And I want to
kind of I want this audience to
understand like where to look when it
when it comes to this stuff. Yeah. So,
prop firms are big on just data. So, I
guess it is a scam because they're not
going to back your position 100%. Just
not going to happen. they would need so
much more money than what they have to
back your position, right? Okay. But
what they do is they make calculated
risks like they have margin accounts
that let's say you go place a trade with
a one lot for example. They have systems
that will analyze that trade and be like
okay you know what this trade is
actually worth a five lot. So they're
taking the trade with you but not just
as much or like you know what this trade
is great it's actually a 1.5 lot. So
they're trading with you but not at the
same volume that you are just because
they have the systems that will
determine if that trade makes sense or
not because they have data not only from
just you as one trader but from hundreds
of thousands of different traders that
are actively trading on that platform.
So prop firms use that data for them
themselves to create strategies. They
use that data to then sell it to other
platforms. You can sell it to brokers.
You can sell it to people that want to
create algorithms. And that's data that
other people can capitalize off of it.
So prop firms are a front-end program
for data and a great for as a business
model is just data. For traders, it's an
opportunity to get some capital. You're
not necessarily getting access to
$100,000 because if your stop loss is
$10,000 on the account, why would you
even get the whole $100,000 to even
start with? So, it's it's an opportunity
for traders to make money and for them
to learn how to properly follow rules
because if you don't follow rules, you
fail. And it's a great opportunity for
business owners, for them to get all
this data and create profitable
strategies from it. It really is a
win-win situation. But the problem is is
that a lot of the founders of these some
of these companies, one, they're not
qualified founders to be part of a
company like this. They don't know how
to operate. And what they do is they
don't end up capitalizing off of the
data. They'll get all of the signup
money and they'll just pocket it and
hope that people fail. And some people
would never create profitable strategies
with this data from traders. So, they're
just coming out from the signup money,
paying people back, and then they end up
being negative. But that's not the
proper way to run the business. That's
why so many of these failed because
every micro influencer in trading
thought they can operate one of these
businesses just because they have a
micro following. And that's not how this
business model works. Yeah. Because a
lot of them got found out, didn't they?
They, you know, in the trading space, a
lot of them got caught taking other
sides of the trade off the back of the
book as well, right? Yeah. And no, and
they just never did nothing. They would
just offer a demo account and they would
never do anything with the data. They
would just simply just keep the signup
money and hope they would fail. But does
some prop firms take say you place a
trade on I believe that, you know, pound
versus USD is going this way and I put
this amount on. I'm just keeping it
super simple. or like trading against
the trader and and and they trade
against me on the back of the book.
Maybe maybe some of have. Yeah, for
sure. But like they they they would have
to create that. You can't do that
manually. There's no way. Yeah, it's
impossible. Like if you have a hundred
traders, it's just so fast. There's just
no way. You have to have a system. So
even for people that do that, they have
to create a system for that. And it's
very hard to do that.
But you're you're saying that the the
best market you think there is to
operate in then is the is the forex
market. It's I mean it's just simply
truth. The currency market is the one
that has the most volatility. It's a
$6.7 trillion market compared to the
stock market. I think it's a couple
billion dollars. There's just more
volatility in the currency market. It's
available 245. So you technically have
more availability even though at some
sessions there's not a lot of volume.
you're able to have higher leverage. So
in the stock market, your leverage is
cut very short. I think it's maybe a one
to 10, one to 20. In the currency
market, you could have up to one to
1,000. So your $100 could have a buying
power of almost $100,000. You just
you're able to do a lot more with your
money. The entry barrier is a lot less.
You can start off with 10 bucks if you
wanted to to just get started. You can
actually make a [\h__\h] ton of money with
just a couple hundred bucks. And
everything can also be completely
decentralized. You could be trading on
an offshore broker. You could be trading
on crypto and you make the money back in
crypto. Does it have to go straight back
into your bank account? Like there's
just so many different ways to do this
that it makes more sense than trading
the stock market. Why are 90% of people
losing money trading though? Because
they simply do not understand how to
hold their hands. They just want to feel
involved. They feel just because they're
in front of the markets for nine hours
looking at the charts that the market
owes them a trade. They feel just
because they've been studying that as
soon as they finish studying they're
going to go find an opportunity in the
market. Just because they deposited
money into an account that they go have
to take a trade right away. 99% of
traders lose money. It's because of
their self-thoughts. It's not because of
a strategy. You can have the best
strategy in the world, but if you don't
time, you're not doing anything. So, do
you have a when you write your rules
down, do you have them by by the
computer so you see them straight in
front of you visually? So, you've got
the chart here and then the rules are
there and that's the rules. If I'm going
to take this trade, it has to go. It has
to match this this this this this. I
have a checklist. I mean, I I compare
this all the time to let's say real
estate, right? Let's say you're a real
estate investor. And as a real estate
investor, there's many different types.
You can be either uh construction, you
can be multif family, you can be
housing, you can be apartment building,
you can be commercial. There's many
different types of real estate
investors. There's many different types
of traders. We can be a scalper, day
trader, swing trader, uh interday
trader, long-term investor. They're all
different. So, you got to know where you
are in that realm. First thing is to
understand that because then you know
where to go look at because I'm not
going to be a real estate investor and
I'm just going to now look at all these
different markets because my strategy
for real estate investing won't make
sense as a developer as if it were to be
for multif family and multif family
won't make sense for single family
homes. You have to pick which one you
are. That's the first thing. 99% of
traders go into the market not knowing
which one they are and they're just
investing in all these different types.
So they're already losing money and
making the wrong decision because they
don't know which one they are. After
that, once you find which one you are,
if you're multifamily, for example,
okay, how big do I go multif family? Do
I go four to eight units, 8 to 16, 16 to
40, 40 to 100? You need to know where
you are based off of your experience,
based off of your access to money, based
off of where this is located, based off
of the cash flow, what is the goal, as
like there's just so much that goes into
real estate investing with the type that
you're in now, right? how big of a
scale, where is it going to be located?
And it's the same exact thing in
trading. Now that you understand that
you're a day trader, okay, what type of
market should you be looking to day
trade? What sessions should you be
looking to day trade? How agg factors
into it just to understand where you're
going to implement the strategy.
Everything that I've spoken up to right
now has zero context about a strategy.
It's just you're knowing who you are as
an investor. You're knowing who you are
as a trader. And 99% of traders don't
know any of this about themselves. They
just go in and want to click buy or sell
and think they're going to make money
and they're not. So it's so it's about
you doing the inside work to understand
who you are before you even step into
the arena of learning how to trade.
Yeah. Like for me I'm a very aggressive
trader. I I can go into the market and
risk 20% of my account and I will
literally go then to the grocery store
half a million dollars. But that's me.
But somebody can have half a million
dollars in an account and they'll lose
$5,000 and they're going crazy. They're
mad all day. You have to learn who you
are as a trader and how much risk
appetite you have. I'm extremely
aggressive and I know that and I figure
out ways how to capitalize off of that.
Is is that something you just learn by
taking the risk or is it something you
can you can assess before you even start
doing it?
So it's something that just goes in you
as a person over time. Like I've just
been a very high risk person my whole
entire life. Like I I like taking risk.
I believe in taking risk. What's the
biggest risk you've taken this week?
This week? Zero. I haven't taken any
risk this week. Like, I have not taken
any trades. Last week, I took a $300,000
position and I made about $415,000 last
week. And then the week before that, I
was going to risk about 200 on a
position, which would have made me like
600,000. But I never ended up entering
the trade. And three weeks before that,
I lost 800,000 in like a whole month. I
was in a whole losing streak for a
month. On that trade that you didn't
take for 200,000 that would have netted
you 600,000. Mhm. What was the key thing
that made you not take that trade that
day? So, this is when the tariff talks
were going on and the markets were very
volatile. And when the markets are very
volatile, some people think that that's
good and it is to a certain extent, but
at least the way that I trade, I I tend
to have bigger stops. I tend to have
bigger take profits and my takes my
trades take a little bit longer to play
out. So when you have all of these crazy
tariff talks 100% 200% on all these
different countries countries have
currencies that affects the market like
you can't even like this is like major
like m I'm talking about like 500 points
up and down within the hour which is
unheard of. This is like COVID days when
this used to happen. So I didn't enter
that position because tariff talks were
in the air and I didn't want to be
involved in so the trade was USD CAD
right? So, I was going to be selling USD
CAD and Trump was talking about tariffs
on the Canadian dollar and I just didn't
want to be involved in that position
because I didn't want to get spiked out.
I had already gotten spiked out for a
whole month before on this market and I
was just being very conservative on it
and I decided not to take it. A lot of
people that like follow me because I
post it all the time, they took it. I
didn't take it, but I don't really care
because I suppose there's a certain
amount of volatility that you want in
order for the market to move so you can
collect your take profits, but you don't
want the volatility that you're talking
about where it wicks up and stops you
out one way or the other, right? No. I
want for the markets to just do their
thing, move normally. I don't want major
moves. I'm not an investor, right? An
investor wants major moves because it's
going to create a P&L on his chart
overall. I don't want that. I want for
the markets just to move slowly and move
normal because that's where you're able
to actually enter a logical trade, let
it ride for two, three days and there's
none of these major liquidity grabs that
are just taking you out. And you could
be right about the direction and right
about the trade, but these wicks would
just take you out and it makes you a
little bit frustrated because the trade
is playing out, but you're just getting
liquidity grabbed out of the position.
And one of your key rules is never trade
against the trend, right? Never trade,
bro. The trend is your friend. If you're
not trading with the trend, you're just
gonna have a very hard time trading.
Yeah. So, don't don't short in a bull
run. Never. Never. Yeah. I mean, I'll do
it because I don't care, right? But like
I I don't recommend for people to do it.
I think you got to I think you got to
know again know your risk appetite and
know how what your backing is in your in
your other accounts before you go start
doing these plays. For sure. I've seen
some people short during bull markets on
pullbacks and stuff and and make lots of
money but I think it takes a lot of
kahunas to do it because you know you're
talking about risking a lot of money.
Yeah. Yeah. Like I that's something that
I like doing and I feel comfortable with
doing and not everybody can do that but
I do agree there is a great I mean if
something is super high it's well
overdue a retracement I'm going to take
those retracement trades. Are those the
logical trades to take? No. But there's
a high probability of that happening
just because the market has to create
those retracements. What time frame are
people what should people trade in? What
time frame? It depends the type of
trader you want to be. If you want to be
a day trader, swing trader, you should
be in between the weekly, daily, 4 hour.
You want to be kind of a day trader
scalper. You want to be in daily 4 hour,
1 hour, 30 minute, 15 minute. It depends
the approach you have. I like to say
that the higher the time frame, the more
respected. It's just the truth. It's
like if you were to have a
stronger a stronger build to something,
the daily and the weekly for it to move,
it's going to think about it a lot more
versus the 15 minute. It takes 15
minutes for one candlestick to be made.
It takes a whole entire week for one
candlestick to be made. The higher time
frames are better for stronger
positions. I mean, I I watch guys like I
don't know if you call him a trader, but
like Julian Petrulus, who he'll take a
trade, say Tesla, he believe he he'll
obviously it's in stocks. He'll look
he'll look at the balance sheet. He'll
look what they're doing. He'll know when
the earnings data is coming out. He'll
take the trade. He'll take it for three
or four or five months. You know what I
mean? And then he'll and then he'll sell
out when he, you know, he's quite
convicted. And I've seen him make tens
of millions doing it. Yeah. I mean, the
these are more of position traders and
these position traders, they're also
looking at fundamentals, looking at
earnings. I don't look at any of that. I
just look at the chart. I don't care
about fundamentals at all. So, you only
trade off off the patterns of the chart?
Only off of what the market is showing
me in front of me at that moment. So
what are the what are the key names of
the patterns that you study and look at
and and look to implement on the chart?
For me, it's just strictly market
structure. I need to understand if the
structure is bullish or if the structure
is bearish. If it's bullish, it's
heading up. If it's bearish, it's
heading down. That's all I look for. If
the majority of the time frames, if the
structure is heading up, I'm buying. If
I look at the structure and the majority
of the time frames are heading down, I'm
selling. All I look at is what is the
market doing? Is it going up or is it
going down on all the higher time frames
and whatever it's doing, I just follow
it. But if if you're managing risk
correctly and you've got a a big enough
account Yeah. for for what you're
putting on and you can and you can
afford to
wait. How could you ever realistically
lose you could lose less trades, right?
Because you could wait a longer period
of time to make sure that those trades
are profitable. Yeah. Yeah. You could
have bigger stops. You can have longer
take profits, but I will make more money
on the short-term and long term leverage
trading these day trades. They'll just
make me more money. Like I can make 20
25% in a month
easily. What what used what used to
happen with me is when I used to when I
used to trade years ago, one I realize
now from even just talking to you and
observing from years my friends over the
years that I realized I was trading too
much because I was profitable when I was
trading smaller amounts, smaller amounts
of trades. But then soon as I started to
trade trade more volume and that then I
started to get smacked around and
started to lose. Right. But one of the
things that used to piss me off was I
used to have to pay an overnight fee.
Yeah. For keeping a trade on but but so
I'd have to so like some is you have to
balance up whether it's worth paying the
overnight fee or whether worth you
closing the trade. So what why are these
why are there these overnight fees on
these accounts? Because it's just the
cost of doing business. It's just the
cost of holding that position overnight.
It's what the broker is going to charge
you. It's what the platform is. swap,
commission, spread. These things are
inevitable. It's the fee. It's the cost
of doing business. And I hate it. Trust
me. There's some times where I've held
trades for like four or five days and
it'll take 10 15% off of my profit.
Yeah. Does that suck? Yeah. But it's
like whatever. I'll take the 85% of the
trade that I made. Sure. This is it's
one thing I just could I couldn't figure
out like what why I mean I get why it's
profitable for them and like but it does
that this does not help me at all. Like
yeah, it doesn't help us as traders, but
it's the cost. I've tried to figure out
ways how to go around it. Maybe closing
and re-entering, but as soon as I close
a trade and I reenter another one, I'm
entering a whole new trade. It's not the
same one as before. I I treat every
single trade that I enter uniquely. And
I'm like, you know, it's not worth
saving 10 15% on the trade. But say but
say you close the trade and you close
out in a profit and you go and enter
this new trade, but without doing it
against your fundamentals, you're just
chasing the market again. You're you're
chasing the trade. You're not taking the
logical setup that you had taken
previously. You're just predicting that
you're going to keep like it's just
going to keep following whatever you're
saying. Yeah. Because you can't treat
this new trade that you've just put on
as as the same one that just made a
profit even though it was literally like
a minute ago. It's a completely
different Yeah. I think that's where a
lot of people lose money. I've certainly
done that as well. Like you know, I'm
talking small account, few thousand here
and a few thousand there. But, you know,
I was just I was just trying to learn
learn how the chart setup is. I learned
got smacked a few times trading against
the market thinking it's going to come
down. You know what I mean? Right. And
then next thing you know, green green
green green green green and and and
you're just watching all of your money
go. Like it's so it's it's exhilarating
to see how fast you can evaporate money
in these markets. I mean, you can also
make it equally as fast as fast. Yeah.
Yeah. Which is which is a beautiful
thing. But what is the next move for
you? Because obviously you're not going
to be a trader your whole life or are
you going to be a trader your whole
life? The way I see it is the longer I
continue to trade, the less I want to
trade. But when I do trade, I trade big.
So, I don't think I'm going to ever stop
trading because it's like a skill set
that I've learned, doesn't take much
time out of my day, and makes me really
good money. And I've created a system
where I really deeply understand this
without having to put a lot of time into
it. So, I don't think I'm going to be as
on top of it as I am now. I do it now
because whole social media, a lot of
people look up to me and I have just
passion for teaching people and putting
it out there. It's like a flex, you
know? I love like whenever I post a
story, 200,000 people are seeing it. I'm
like, "Yo, the market is going to go
from here to here." And 200,000 people
just saw that. I think that's kind of
cool. So, it kind of like motivates me
to keep doing that right now. But, I
think as time continues to go on, I'm
just going to trade for me, and I'm just
going to make one good trade every week,
every other week, and that's it. So, I'm
going to trade less, but when I do
trade, I'm going to risk a [\h__\h] ton on
that trade. Well, trading is the most
profitable area to be like to build any
kind of personal brand online when you
think about it because you got all the
backend deals you can do with platforms.
You've got, you know, you can sell
education on it on how you do it. You
you can also print and then you can also
do lifestyle content on the back of it.
So, it's like it's like the perfect
vehicle for like, you know, that's why
there's that's why there's a lot of
people in this industry that, you know,
take the piss. You know what I'm saying?
Because they they go and get all this
money and then they use the lifestyle to
sell something and they're perhaps not
even trading. No, you know, like maybe
they just got lucky in a period of 3 4
months and they're just content
maximizing that period right there. How
do you how do you balance it though?
Because obviously you live a very big
life, the Jets. Yeah. The you know, you
you got the you got the houses. I saw
you smashing through the house with Mike
the other week. Oh, you saw that? Yeah.
I'm like I'm like, you know, you got
Mike running through windows like you
know what I mean? How how are you how
are you keeping yourself on a on a level
so that you can still operate? You know
what I mean? I mean, I would say that I
like having fun and I know when to have
fun and since I don't have to be
involved every single day in the
markets, I can tell right off right in
the morning if I'm going to be involved
for the rest of the day or if I'm not. I
wake up every single day 8 8:30 in the
morning and by 10 10:30 in the morning,
I know if I'm going to be in the market
or not. If I am, I stay until about 1:00
in the afternoon. If I'm not, I'm not
looking at the market again until almost
midnight. So, I have the whole entire
day to do whatever I want. To go have
fun, to go create new content, to go and
smash Mike through a window. Like, I'm
able to go do so much because I know
when I need to be involved in the market
and I know when I when I don't. every
single day for this past last week that
just went by. After 10:00 in the
morning, I can literally turn off my
computer trading wise and not have to
look at it until midnight of that
following. But I imagine the early days
of your life when you're trading, you
had less distractions between when you
wake up and get out of that bed to when
you walk to that screen. Yeah. Now,
between you waking up at 8:30 in the
morning and you walk into that screen,
you got Latinas, you've got you've got
Bugghetti, you got all the distractions
and all the exotics that you can imagine
between you and that computer screen
where you can trade. How do you even get
to the computer screen? I prioritize my
work very much and I I'm very passionate
for what I do. And my work comes first
over anything. Over anything. And I
always say if I let this get to my head
where I'm the [\h__\h] I'm going to lose
everything. So I always prioritize my
work because I know my work is going to
continue giving me what I have. And I
never lose that focus. Do you think you
lose everything in one move or do you
think you lose everything in a series of
moves over a over a period of time?
Yeah. The way I've set up things for the
last two years, I would literally have
to become a drug like a drug addict and
become loony for five years for me to
lose everything. and never work a day
again in my life for me to lose
everything. The odds of that happening
is basically impossible. I don't do
drugs. I barely ever drink. So, I've set
myself in a way where I don't ever have
to move a finger again. Like, right now,
I can live the same lifestyle without
trading, without posting content anymore
for the next 15 years. Like, I've really
set myself up. I've invested diversively
in many different things. And I've done
that strategically because I don't know
if the market's going to go through
another COVID, if it's going to go
through another tariff talk. And I don't
want to depend from the market to
continue to make money. Like whatever I
post that I, you know, I'm flexing jets,
cars, like this is a very small portion
of what I have because I don't ever want
to be in a position where I can't
continue to have this and I don't want
to have it for just a period of time.
What's what's your breakdown though?
Like 10% real estate like give me a
breakdown. So I it's a 30 3010 rule. So
out of 100% of my income, 30% of it I
save mandatory 30% of it I mandatory go
to residual expenses. Whether it's team,
whether it's mortgages, whether it's
just bills, cars, insuranceances,
lawsuits, all this [\h__\h] 30% I have to
mandatory reinvest into something.
Mandatory mandatory reinvest. If you're
not investing your money, you're not
growing your money. I could only save it
so much without it doing anything. So, I
save 30%. I put 30% into my residual
expenses. I put 30% into mandatory
investing. Whether it's creating just a
portfolio for crypto, waiting for the
right entry, either buying real estate,
I'm pretty heavily into real estate
right now, watches, cars, get the money
out of the bank account. Don't leave it
in there. Put it into something else
just so you don't have access to it. And
it makes you be more strategic with what
you have. And then 10% I I I splurge. Do
you do you do you count like content as
an investment? Because obviously it
brings you brings you eyeballs, brings
you money, brings you content is
70% of what I would invest into, right?
My face, my brand, who I associate
myself with has no price tag. If you
were going to proportion it like in
percentage terms, how much more have you
made off education compared to trading?
It really really varies. For example,
last week since I made no money from
trading, I made all the money from
education. I made all the money from
technology. I made all the money from
real estate. I made all the money from
other because I didn't trade last week.
The week before when I made what was
like $400,000, I say it's like 70%,
because I made a lot of money from
trading and then everything else just
does whatever it does. When I lose
$800,000 in a month, I lose money in
that month and then I make money from
all these other different avenues. So,
it really depends on how I'm doing in
the market at that time because it's
it's been very up and down lately. Do
you do you think now just to cut through
on like the Instagrams, the Tik Toks of
the world, the YouTubes like you are, do
you think you have to have this exotic
lifestyle to be able to have this
content to be able to market trading, to
be able to get people into your course
and all this kind of stuff? So, it it
depends the approach you want to take.
For me, my approach is this crazy kid
living this lavish lifestyle because
that's just generally how I am. Like I I
really like I can show you pictures of
me in high school. Like I was exactly
how I am right now. I got kicked out of
high school. Like I I this is really how
I am. But if you want to create a
personal brand and you want to attract
the community, I'd say is don't try and
be a replica version or a wannabe
version of somebody because people are
going to be able to tell the difference
and it's not going to come off as
authentic and it's going to be very hard
for you to create content and to be very
consistent with it. The reason why for
me I'm very consistent is because I'm
just being me 247. We just happen to
have a camera right there. Like I'm not
doing anything new for the camera. I'm
just capturing the moment. And a lot of
people they create the moment and it
doesn't look captured, doesn't look
real. So if you're going to create a
personal brand, whether you want to
create a community, you want to do
whatever, make it as genuine as you can
for you. And there is a niche of people
out there that will cater to you and it
will be more genuine to you. You're
going to be able to create more content
as you. It's going to be more original
and more real. The best example is this
guy Sam whatever the the big
bodybuilder. What's his name? Sam Silk.
Sam Silk. Dude, I would hate to watch
that guy's video. That [\h__\h] is boring to
me. The guy's just sitting there and
just talking. You can't even like see
his face. It's It's very like
underground vibe. The dude blew up. He
has a specific niche. There's a audience
that caters to that. If I wanted to do
that right now, it won't work because
it's not authentic to me. I can't do
what he does. It's not my vibe and he
can't do what I do. So, if you want to
go create a personal brand, you want to
go out there and market whatever, be as
genuine as you can. So, it doesn't
become work. It just becomes your life
being captured and you just putting it
out there. Yeah. Quick one for you guys.
As you're aware, in 2017, I set up
content removal.com with the main aim of
protecting brands from negative online
content. So, if you're an entrepreneur,
a personal brand, or a brand online
that's affected by negative online
content, and you're looking to remove
images, videos, search results, fake
accounts, or anything else online, go to
contentreoval.com. I mean, something I'm
trying to curate for myself at the
minute, it's like, okay, which pillars
of my life um do I want to show the
world? And then I want to create it off
the back of that. Like, for me, you
know, it's boxing, it's the fitness,
it's the it's the podcasting, it's the
traveling, it's the you know what I
mean? Just putting all the pillars
together. Did you make a kind of a plan
before you stepped out in the way that
you are stepping out now? I was very
hesitant to putting everything out there
like that. I didn't really want to do
that. It's kind of bit of, you know,
invasion of privacy. But once you start
seeing how many people you start
motivating and the benefits that you
reap from it, I'm like, you know what?
[\h__\h] privacy. I think this is just so
much cooler to be as transparent as you
possibly can be. It's like now like some
people know more about me or remember
things about me that I don't even
remember. Like you just reminded me of
the mic thing I had. Like I forgot about
that. Like that was like gone to me, you
know? It was just like a moment thing
and that's it. It's gone. Like it's not
a it's not a big deal. It's just I was
just living my life and it got captured
and that's it. You when you're riding
down the road and you got Mike in the
back of the truck, people are going,
"This is so unsafe." I'm like, "Bro,
just relax." You know, I will agree in
the part where we were shooting the
guns, I could have had a little bit more
gun control. Fine. But like I've been
trained for like the last two years to
go shoot guns. Like we had everything
very separate. I only had a I know
exactly how many bullets were in the I
already knew everything, you know, but I
got people in the comments. Don't worry,
bro. I want to come shoot guns with you
now. It made me like, how come I'm not
shooting gun? How come I'm doing it in
this studio? Do you know what I mean?
Like I need to shoot some shoot some
stuff up, mate. Honestly. Yeah. But no,
it's it's good that you've got that kind
of flamboyant lifestyle and like you
say, you have to find that that flavor
for you. But if you did, but did you
actually make a content plan or or did
you just go flamboyancy and then just
scale it up? I mean, yeah, obviously
whatever I'm doing, I then create
strategies on how to mass put that out
there. I have plans on whatever is being
captured, how do we maximize that,
whatever is being captured, whatever's
going on. We create multiple different
ways on how to put that mass-produced
everywhere. What's what's the best ways
that you found? So, the first thing is
going to be you need a story. There's
there has to be a reason why and you're
going to do something, right? So, Mike's
in Miami and Mike W has a good time. I
got a good time for Mike, right? Mike,
you look like you, you know, you want to
rage. I have a place where you can go
destroy something. So, like, you have to
give it a story. You have to give it a
twist to everything for it to make
sense. Mike, you've never shot guns,
right? He's like, "Nah, dude. There's no
guns in Dubai. There's no guns in
London." I'm like, "I got you. I got all
the guns in the world." Yo, Mike, have
you ever been um what else did we do?
Drifting. He's like, "Bro, I've never
drifted." Boom. Like, you know, you you
have to create a storyline to everything
so everything kind of connects. After
everything connects, then you just make
it look genuine on your page without
look like you just want to upload
something and then you just clip it and
put it everywhere. I have like probably
like 75 different short form accounts
that just get everything and clip it and
just are constantly posting it. Do you
own all of your short form accounts or
did you operate like like Tate did where
he where he spread it across thousands
of other accounts? Yeah, I own every
single one of them. Yeah. I mean, I'm
sure there's others out there that are
just fan pages that they create them,
but 75 that we manage and we do content
on, it's all ours. We have it our own
editors on everything. Do you do you
find it better to be able to control
your own pages? Yeah, of course, because
you upload what you want. You upload it
how you want. You're as consistent as
you want. It's your editing style. It
gives the message that you want to give.
Some of these editors that you could
just subcontract and pay them off of
views. It's not what you would want
maybe and they don't do it how as
passionate as as consistent as you do.
Is it more expense? Is it more expensive
the way I do it? Sure. But it just works
more. Yeah. It's harder. You get higher
value content, don't you? And I suppose
you you have a set
guide content guideline on what they
create the even down to like the the
color palette of the of the L and all
that kind of stuff. And just yeah, I
suppose controlling your own narratives.
You can drive your own traffic from
different accounts and test certain
metrics. Yeah.
What's But when you come to like
building up accounts like that, what
what you kind of looking for when it
comes to like these editors like you
know what's what's good versus bad, you
know what I mean? Yeah. I used to be
involved in that part. Lately, I haven't
been really involved in it. I have one
guy that overlooks that whole entire
department. like we are uploading
probably I don't know like 120 pieces of
content every single day and he watches
every single clip before it goes out.
Yeah. I would just say it it just has to
fall in who Alex G is but but you know
you say like se 6070 accounts right
where where are those 60 70 accounts?
Are they across all platforms or or it's
it's 70 on Instagram, 70 on Tik Tok, 70
on YouTube. Oh, really? Yeah. So, we're
having like And where are you finding
the most results at the minute? I mean,
it really varies. I'd say it's just
equal like whatever content works. So,
we have a strategy, right, where we have
three accounts, four accounts, which is
whatever clips work on all of these
accounts, we upload those viral clips on
these specific accounts. So, on this
account, we only upload viral clips that
have already gone viral because it's a
proven concept. You can upload 10, they
get 20, 30, 40,000 views, but one will
get 10 million. That one that gets 10
million, we just upload on one specific
account. No edits. No, no. The same
exact reel, we'll just re-upload it on a
different account. Maybe we'll flip it
or maybe just change a couple text so
the algorithm detects as something
different, but it's a proven concept
that works. And then there's just one
whole Instagram account that is just
full of viral reels. And then you just
repurpose the same exact content that
works. So in terms of which platform
works the best, I'd say it's just
equally as a whole. But whatever works
on Instagram, we just replicate it on a
different account. Whatever works on Tik
Tok, we replicate on a different
account. Whatever works on YouTube,
replicate it on a different account with
just that specific viral content. Right.
So the structures are different for the
different piece of content on shorts,
Tik Tok. No, it's the same clip. Like
one clip that goes viral on Instagram
doesn't go viral on Tik Tok. And one
that goes viral on Tik Tok won't go
viral on YouTube. It's the same video.
We're just uploading on on all three
platforms. Mhm. But whichever one goes
viral on each platform will create a
unique account that then will upload
that viral clip only on that account and
it eight out of 10 times goes reviral
again. I've also seen these accounts
that that upload the same clip over and
over again. It's it's a if if it's a if
it's not broken, don't fix it. If it's a
proven concept and it's getting views,
maximize as much as you could, right?
Like why would you try and reinvent
that? Just we we've done we've done that
with quite a few of our podcast tips. to
get like 3.1 million or something like
that, we'll just we'll just repost it,
re-edit a little bit of structure on it
and just repost it again and again and
again. I think from from one clip where
someone's talking about peanut butter,
it causes some arguments in the
comments. I think we've already had like
9 million views out of that. Like, you
know, across three clips. Oh, yeah.
What? You just keep it going. There's no
reason to change that. Yeah. But but h
but one of my guy video guys says to me,
"But but Frankie, like that doesn't
build brand. That just builds No, it
doesn't. Yeah. So, how so how are you
balancing building brand and bringing in
mass eyeballs? Because the mass eyeballs
are just eyeballs. You get enough of
these people that watch you, they're
going to get curious on who you are.
Then they end up going to your main
page. That's where you then go build the
brand with you living your life however
you live it. The person that I'm on
these clip accounts is not the same
person that I am on my main account.
It's just two completely different
things. Once they get to the main
account or my main YouTube channel,
they're supposed to just either like me
for who I am or they don't. I do I do
the mass clipping and the mass unique
content creating for people to watch
that. If they like it, then they look
deeper into it. I don't want everybody
to just go to the main one. It's like if
you like me and you like, you know, you
you see yourself understanding how I
understand things, then you can go to my
main account. If not, don't. So, these
clip accounts, they're not trying to not
they're not they don't have like a link
in the bio to send the traffic out to a
page. They just send the traffic
straight back to the main account on
that platform. No, no, they they take it
back to whatever page is posting it just
to that page. It doesn't go back to my
main Instagram account. No, it doesn't
even have like your main Instagram
account in the in the bio. No call to
action, no lead grabbing, nothing. These
are just clip accounts. And if you see
enough of these clips and you're curious
on who I am, you'll figure out how to
find me. That's the best quality lead
and the type person that you So these
accounts don't even follow you. No, they
follow me. Yeah, they follow they follow
me and they follow each other. Right.
Okay. Yeah. So So So there is a lead.
There is a lead. There is a minor thing
in there. Yeah. But it's not I don't
know. It's not that deep. But but but
you're not trying to actively sell on
these accounts. You're just you're
funneling traffic back to the main
account because similar similar to what
I does, isn't it? Like he doesn't post
anything massively on his major account.
It might post once every seven days, but
you know, he's clip he's got clip
accounts, thousands of them, just
funneling up content, just cutting it
and churning it up and putting it
everywhere. Yeah. Yeah. It is literally
the future. But um what's what's next
for you like in terms of investments? I
know you're making investments into like
cigar cigars and stuff like that. Like
what what's what's these other
businesses you're going into? Yeah, the
main thing for me that's coming up is
going to be real estate. I'm going
pretty deep into the developing. So,
very recently, like I I haven't really
talked about this, but very recently, I
bought about 2 and a half acres in a
very prestige area here in Miami, Horse
Country. Not sure if you know where that
area is, but there's two and a half
acres. I paid 3.5 million just for the
dirt, which is there's some old houses
on it. I'm going to demolish them and
I'm going to build a house. It'll
probably cost me, you know, everything
all in probably like seven, eight
million. Yeah. Including the land. And
the house is going to probably be worth
like 178 million. And I'm going to get
into the developing of real estate
because I think for the content it's
super cool. I think for like profit and
loss it's super cool and it's just a
different niche that I can get into that
could probably turn into something very
big. So I'm going really deep into real
estate in just the construction and
developing side of things. Not like cash
flow Grant Cardone style. I don't really
like that style right now. I don't think
it makes sense to tie up 10 15 20% of
what a property is worth just to make a
couple hundred bucks. And the way
interest rates are set up right now,
you're going to be negative on the cash
flow. So, it makes no sense. But when
you're doing construction, you're
building the property on 60 to 65 cents
on the dollar. So, there's always going
to be a margin. The only problem with it
is you got to know the right people in
order to do it. And I happen to be very
fortunate that I'm born and raised in
Miami. So, it's not like 90% of the
people that are coming to Miami, they're
just kind of figuring everything out
here. Like, I have uncles that have been
in construction 35 years. So, I'm very
well embedded into how to get done
things with the city, how to get things
done with construction workers,
plumbers, electricians, AC guys, because
my family, I have a big family that has
a lot of workers and they know all these
different types of guys. So, I I happen
to be very very well like I'm very
fortunate because of that. If somebody
comes to Miami to move here right now,
they're not going to have the same
connections that I have just because I
was born and raised here. Yeah. And the
C and the Cubans are in all these
different sectors as well, you know, cuz
obviously I didn't realize until I got
here like how Cuban this place is. Yeah.
Like it's like I think it's like 1
million Cubans. Yeah. Like you'll go to
some places and they won't speak
English, bro. They're not going to talk.
Yeah. I was I was in Little Haiti the
other day and I was walking around and I
was like this this place is this is a
different place, bro. Like this is
crazy, is it? Like how how you can feel
like you're in America but also feel
like you everyone speaks Spanish. Mhm.
You know, is that as like would you say
that most people around here speak
Spanish more than more than they do
English? It depends on what types of
Miami. You go to Bickl, everybody's
American. You go to Coral Gables, you
got like old school money. You go to
Halia. No English. It's not happening.
It's just stress. Oh, hi. No English.
No. No such thing, brother. You could go
to the bank. They're not going to speak
English at a bank. It's just all
Spanish. Yeah. Hi, there's no English. I
mean, obviously there's some places, but
you know, you go even like Kendall, no
English, all Spanish. I went I went to
Chase Bank to set up my LLC's, bank
accounts the other day, and I started
speaking and she looks at me and she
goes, "No espanol." I'm like, "No, no."
Like, absolutely not. Like, she's like,
"Oh, you have to speak to him." And and
he was the only guy in the whole bank
that spoke English. I was like, "This is
[\h__\h] crazy." Yeah. What's your views
on like Miami versus other parts of the
world? I know you've extensively
traveled. You've got people that would
in your position would leave here, go
Puerto Rico. You got people that would
leave here and go to Dubai, this that
and the other. What's your views? Cuz I
know you've been to all these places.
Like I just want I I personally believe
and you tell me if you agree. I
personally believe that this is the best
place in the world to like make and
expand and grow your wealth and
everything. Yeah. I think I think that
the guys that leave, I just don't think
they're educated enough. I think that
they're just lacking connections and
they're lacking research because dude,
we have billionaires that live here and
I can guarantee you billionaires that
live here don't want to have to put up
with all of the tax things that they
have to do. There's different ways on
how to have strategic tax strategies so
you don't have to pay maximum of the
taxes, right? There's there's write
offs. There's just different ways on you
can get more deductions. So people that
leave to Dubai, people that leave to a
Puerto Rico, they're just I think
uneducated and not wanting to do that
resource. And I was at one point gonna
do it as well. I'm like, you know what?
I have to leave to Dubai so I don't have
to pay the high tax year. But I started
thinking about it. I'm like, dude,
there's people in the United States
making billions, hundreds of millions of
dollars. How do they do it? I'm sure
there's different strategies how to do
it. And that's where it kind of just got
into me where Miami is the best spot to
be right now. And if the problem is the
taxes, you just either pay it or figure
out way how to strategically have better
tax deductions and everything. It
doesn't make sense to leave to a
different country. What net worth do you
think it where it starts to really
matter what you do with taxes? I'd say
is once you start making probably over a
million dollars. If you make more than a
million dollars and you don't have your
taxes set up right, you can lose all of
it. Yeah. You can literally lose all of
the money that you made. Yeah. See, some
Yeah. Some people say a million, some
people say 10, some people say five. But
I just think I just think that the
opportunity in America is just mental.
Yeah. Everything's here. You have good
credit. you have good relationship with
your bank, you're going to get access to
more money than you know what to do with
it. Obviously, if you have everything
set up properly, going to a different
country and resetting all of that up
does not make any sense. It's like
you're basically starting from scratch
again. If you've been building a history
in America for the last 10 years of your
life, 20 years of your adult life, why
give that up to save 10% of an income?
just simply either make more money or
have more expenses and deduct stuff and
you know buy a jet, buy cars. These are
all business corporate expenses that you
can have. Does it hurt your heart a
little bit though when you send the IRS
a seven figure check? Yeah, I' I've sent
them a hefty amount of money and it does
suck. Yeah. I'm buying a jet now when I
probably have a jet. You're going you're
going to buy a jet. Yeah. Yeah. I mean,
I already have it. Like it's already
mine. I just have to like finish the
paper for it. What What What level of
jet did you buy? It's a Lear. It's not
It's not It's not a very light jet. It's
not a big one, but yeah, I already have
a jet. I'm just finalizing. Can we
podcast in it? We could do a podcast in
it. Can we do the first podcast in that
jet? We could do a podcast in it. Yeah.
You agree on that? Yeah, we could do it.
Yeah. You've heard that here. You've
heard that. He's agreed on that. He's
great cuz I've always wanted to do a
podcast in the jet, right? Yeah, we
could do it. And I and I was like,
there's a guy in Australia called Adrian
Portelli that I don't know if you know
about him. He's a billionaire and he and
and he he bought a jet and I thought I'd
love to do a podcast in Adrian's jet.
Yeah. It's it's not a big jet, it's a
light jet. It's um it's like decent.
It's a light jet. How many people go
here? Eight. Eight. Very comfortably.
They can fit it. It's not like you're
cramped up in there. And what's the
distance it can fly? Probably from Miami
to deep into Texas. Depends on the
winds. Yeah. And then from Vegas back,
probably one shot. Depends on the winds.
It really depends on the winds. That's a
big factor. So, what was your thesis and
reasoning? Because I'm sure you've
worked out on paper for buying a jet.
One, it's a big personal brand play,
major personal brand play. There's not a
lot of 24 year olds out there with a
jet. And secondly is for business. Like,
I travel a lot and I [\h__\h] hate
airports, bro. There's nothing more that
I despise at an airport. I hate taking
my shoes off. There's one thing I can
never be barefoot in my life unless I'm
at the beach. I can't. I hate taking my
shoes off at the TSA to walk through
that [\h__\h] machine. I I literally
cannot stand it. And I hate being there
three hours early. I hate having to deal
with everybody going in and out, sitting
next I I just don't like the whole
airport experience. For me, it makes
traveling very bad. So, one is that. So,
I love just going to the hanger whenever
I want. You get on. I save time. I can
travel with my whole team in one shot. I
don't have to get 10 different airplane
tickets when I travel with my team.
Everybody just hops in. I'm on my own
schedule. It's a lot more convenient
than traveling commercial. Yeah. I
suppose eventually you'll have the the
Gulf Stream and Yeah. I mean, the way I
look at is I'm 24 right now. I don't
want to get the biggest jet that I
because I mean, this is a whole new area
that I'm going into right now. I don't
know how it works. And I wanted to make
sure that it's something that I can
manage and not put myself in an
uncomfortable position and I'm going to
be able to like grow from this point. I
hit the max and then struggle here. So,
I know Jets go into maintenance. I know
they have routine checkups and I want to
first understand it at a more affordable
point than just going to the big boy.
How do you do you do you share a pilot
with other planes or do you have your
own pilot on standby all the time? Yeah.
So, my jet is inside of a charter
system. So, there's like my goal is that
my jet does not ever touch the ground. I
don't want to pay for my jet. I want for
it to get chartered and for it to pay
for itself. So, there's different pilots
that are going to rotate around that
jet. Like, if I'm not using it, dude,
send it out somewhere. Whoever's going
to pay me 30, 40,000 for a round trip
from here to Colombia and back, be my
guest. You know, I do not want to pay
the monthly note on the jet. I don't
want to pay the pilots their two
$300,000 salary a year. I don't want to
pay out of pocket the $100,000 a year
for the hanger spot. That's how money
I'm burning. And if I can get at least
I've done the math. I think it was I
think it was like eight charters a
month, it pays for itself. It's I'm just
literally paying for fuel. Yeah. And
there's there's so many um so many ways
you can charter out a jet like that. You
know, there's there's these pages on
Instagram that do empty legs all the
time. Empty legs are a real thing. For
me, the goal is for the jet to never be
on the ground. The more it's in the air,
the more money I'm saving. But then even
the YouTube video of you saying, "Hey,
I've just bought a jet." that YouTube
video, you know, with your backend
monetization and your front end plus
YouTube ads should pay for first month
of the jet anyway. Yeah. I mean, it's
expensive like cuz like first month it's
it's very expensive because you have to
pay for the monthly. You have to pay for
like all these guys' salary. Like the
pre-insspection on it, it was like an
extra 50 grand just for somebody to come
with a clipboard and just make sure that
everything is good. After we already
made sure that it was good, it was
another 50 grand just for somebody to be
like, "Okay, it's good.
And it's just constant [\h__\h] But it but
it's good though because you just you
just think of all the games that you're
playing before you even got into your
30s. Yeah. You know, the experience and
the stuff that you can't you just can't
buy this stuff. You know what I'm
saying? Yeah. When I when I go to the
hanger, usually it's like 40, 50 year
old guys that are there and they see me
walking in, they're like, "Dude, what
the hell do you do?" Like, "Bro, it's a
long story. I just do [\h__\h] online, you
know, because they won't understand."
Some of them do, some of them don't. But
I think it is kind of cool going to
somewhere where I'm the youngest guy and
I'm I'm killing it. What's the What's
the most common question the older guys
that have made money ask you when you go
into these hangers and stuff? Yeah. Is
is this whole trading thing real? Like,
does it actually really make money? And
I tell them, it makes me enough to get
this jet where I'm at right now. They
just start laughing. But yeah, they just
don't understand it. These are guys that
have big companies. They've sold. Some
of them are doctors and they have firms,
lawyers that have firms, just very
corporate businesses. I've never met
another trader in the space. Yeah.
What's one of the biggest things that
you've learned this year?
One of the biggest thing I've learned
this year, I've learned a lot of
patience. Patience. I've already had a
lot of patience, but patience with
people, patience with things that I
would want for them to happen to me, for
them not to happen right away. It's
taught me to have more patience.
Patience has probably been one of the
biggest things that has made me stronger
this year and has tested me a lot this
year. How are you balancing like the the
the dating stuff when it comes to as you
acquire more money? Bro, I the more
money I get, the less women I want, like
the less that I care about them, the
more like they they turn me off because
I can tell what they want me for and I
just don't chase them. I don't entertain
them. Like I I can meet a girl and
within the first five minutes I'm like,
"All right, good. Like I'm I'm good. I'm
just going to take you home. Like I
don't want to deal with this." Or I'll
catch the vibe that I'm cool. I just
don't want to waste my time and I don't
want to waste her time or give her false
hopes and give her like disillusion, but
I'm not as out there as I thought I
would be. The more money I would get. I
think the more money I'd get, the more
crazy I'd get. I'm actually more
conservative. Yeah, this this is one
common trait that I've found as as most
men go through and attain more and more
money, you have to get really really
sharp and really really dialed and you
actually expose yourself to less of that
than the more of it. Yeah. And the
majority of these Miami girls are
[\h__\h] bro. like these girls these
girls are just dumb, you know? Like I
just don't want to deal with them.
What's what's some of the red flags that
the the men I got to worry about? I
mean, if if the first thing that I see
is when I go to the Instagram and you
know they've traveled all the world,
I'll just block them. You got to see how
many people you got to see people
blocked. I've blocked like 3,000 people
on my on Instagram. It's ridiculous. I
see that they've traveled. If they're
always going out, like if they're at
Kiki all the time, if they're at Liv,
they probably we we have nothing to talk
about. What are the nationalities to
avoid? All of them. Like there there's
always good and bad in all of them. So,
no, but if there's if there's if there's
some peak nationalities, what are they?
Oh, dude. The Alex G peak nationalities
to avoid, they are probably Cubans for
sure. Cubans. Cub. You say Cubans? Maybe
because I guess they're more toxic with
me because I'm Cuban and they want to
kind of, you know, control me because
they feel like we're the same
nationality. I thought the Cubans were
the wife ones. No, there there's it's a
hit or miss. I haven't been able to find
the the right one yet. Yeah. I I have a
saying in my life and nothing costs you
more than if you pick the wrong Latina.
You know what I'm saying? Yeah. No, I
agree. And I want to be a family guy.
Don't get me wrong. I want to have five,
six kids for sure. Like I want to have a
big family. I want to, you know, have
that traditional side of life, but I
don't know when. But you would have
planned out an age for that to kind of
start to thinking 30s, you know,
mid-30s. You're starting your mid-30s.
Starting my mid-30s. Yeah. Yeah. People
that I see now with kids at this age, I
feel like they're just adding more
challenges to themselves. I think it's a
blessing. I think it's great to have
kids, but I think you're just adding a
challenge to yourself at such a young
age. Yeah. I could just I I reckon
ultimately you end up with a with a
Cuban girl. I mean, that'd be great. You
know, my family would approve. They they
they they say you get you go all around
the world experiencing all the all the
things and then you come back to what
you know. Yeah. They always I would hope
it's hard out here. It's really hard out
here, bro. But yeah, no, in Miami
especially, I think it's hard. But would
you say Miami is harder than Dubai?
Because obviously you've been to Dubai.
Yeah. But Dubai there's just I mean when
I went to Dubai I would say I didn't
have the best experience. I went during
summer and during summer there's no one
there. It's like a ghost town. Yeah. So
I didn't really get the best experience
but I've heard about Dubai stories.
Yeah. But I I out of all the places that
I've been, one of the coolest place I've
ever been to was Cape Town, South
Africa. It's one of my favorite spots to
just go. The vibes are just different
and Ibiza, but to live would definitely
be Miami and just do I mean I'm also
from here so you could throw me anywhere
in Miami. I know how to get my way
around there. I was born and raised
here. No, I this this is the best place.
I went to LA once and stayed there for
six weeks and No, it's not. It's not
it's not it's not the place. It's not
the place. There's no there's nowhere
else that I've been in America. It's
like this. It's just unbelievable, isn't
it? But you've just got to come here
with the with the the the let's just
make money and get [\h__\h] done mentality,
you know, otherwise you you're kind of
in a losing battle. Yeah, you can get
lost in the scene. It depends what kind
of person you are. If you know you're a
party guy, if you're like going out, you
know, Miami will eat you up on that
sense. But I think the last time I went
out was six months ago here. I think the
last time I went to a club was a year
ago. I just don't go out. Like that's
just who I am. And some people kind of
get lost in in the scene. You want to
come here and you want to work, you
could be in the brick or you could be in
the midtown, but you don't have to go
out. Like no one's forcing you to do it.
You're just prioritizing that at that
moment. Walk me through some of these
other businesses that you've built
because I know you've you've got a cigar
thing coming and I know you've invested
in like fitness apps and stuff like
that. Like walk me through some of these
investments and how you're expanding the
portfolio. Yeah, so I have a lot of
technology companies in the trading
space. So we have all of like we have
all of the data from the traders from
the retail traders from the prop side.
We have one of the mass technology
collectors of all of that and we sell
that to brokers. We sell that to guys
that create strategies around that. But
within that there's like three different
platforms. So there's the dashboard side
of it, there's the liquidity side of it,
there's the the connection. So there's
an integration to connect the retail
trader to the dashboard which is a kind
of code that you have to custom create.
We created I didn't create it my team
created it. I just happen to be involved
with them. And all of that we collect
fees from everywhere. We collect fees
from recurring from active accounts. We
collect fees for just monthly retainers
that you have to have with us open. So a
lot of the technology side of things has
made me a lot of passive money without
really having to do any more stuff and
it's very cool. Um, I'm also looking to
invest a lot into real estate right now.
That's one of the main things. I have
the cigar brand which I actually have,
but I've never launched. It's just me
and my friends. Why? Why haven't you
launched it? Because your heritage, man.
Yeah. There's there's a really big
import export thing and we haven't
figured that out. How to get the cigars
out of Dominican Republic into different
countries the right way. you know, we
can get I think it's 10 boxes a day with
just a regular person on a on a flight,
but start shipping them out from actual
cargos and stuff. We haven't figured and
I haven't really prioritized the big
tariffs on cigars. I don't I don't I
haven't really thought about it. I know
there's a there's a problem with it.
Like there's there's a way to do it, but
I just haven't entertained it. We've
done the numbers. It's not going to make
us enough money. It's more of like a
passion project rather than actually a
profit project. We were going to do a
fitness app, but the fitness app, we
didn't really end up doing it because,
you know, we're not really into fitness
and it we feel like it was going to burn
our audience a little bit and we're just
giving them too much too many different
things when the profitability would just
make more sense if we keep it into
trading and we kind of didn't end up
doing that. And then I have just my
coaching which is just teaching people
how to trade. This is a huge business
obviously and with that alone it
consumes 70% of the time that I have to
teach people how to trade just
constantly finding ways how to provide
value obviously very lucrative business
and there's many def different benefits
from it but it's also very time
consuming because every single time
somebody comes into trading they're at a
different level and having to analyze
where they are and getting them from
level one to three or from three to five
it's very time consuming but it's part
of my passion All of the successful
traders that I know, they all have an
educational business that makes them a
vast amount of capital on the back end.
The only thing you have to be able to
get over is the fact of like people are
going to call you a scammer. People are
people are going to come after you. How
did you kind of get your mind drowned
that bit? I mean, I don't tell you to go
buy my course. You don't have to buy my
course. I recommend people not to buy my
course. Do not buy my course. Don't
don't buy it. If you buy it, you buy it.
Don't call me a scammer because I'm
telling you not to buy it. The reason I
have it there is because so many people
ask me for it that I created something
for those people and those people are
very happy with it. I'm very happy with
them and they're very happy with the
results. Don't call me a scammer because
I'm giving somebody what they want.
Yeah. It's I'd be a scammer if I tell
you, hey, I'm going to give you this
watch. Give me this money. I'm going to
give you this watch. I get your money
and I never give you anything. But if
you say, hey, give me a watch. I'll give
you the money. And I give you the watch.
and you get the watch and you don't like
it. Well, that that's I'm not a scammer.
You just don't happen to like the watch.
Like, that's not my problem. So, there's
some people that end up joining and they
don't like it. We just give them the
ref. We give them their money back, but
then they kind of go on this whole
scammer thing. But did but did you know
that this was coming down the track when
you started? Like, or had you preempted
it or Yeah, I didn't think it was going
to be such a big culture. You know, hate
culture is a big thing and I didn't
think it was going to be what it is. And
I have gotten obviously some hate from
being a profitable business coach,
right? Like it's very lucrative. And it
always happens to be the smaller guys
that aren't as lucrative that end up
hating and ultimately they also have a
product and they're just, you know, kind
of view grabbing using somebody's name.
Yeah.
Like we go to these guys channels, they
upload 10 videos, they all get 500
views, 1,000 views, but they get a video
Alex G scammer, 50,000 views. Obviously,
it makes sense to them because that
video made them more AdSense, got them
more traffic to the course. If I was in
if I was in a position like them, I
would not do that because that's not the
type of person that I am. But being in a
position like that, I can understand
where somebody could do that in a form
of desperation and just seeking
attention. Yeah. Yeah. because I I uh I
actually built a course out um for my
audience back in June last year. I still
I've still not even released it because
I'm like, you know, I even though I know
it's going to help people, I'm like, but
don't do do I really want to do I really
want to be the scammer guy? Why why are
you going to care about somebody's
opinion? Like, you can change somebody's
life completely. You creating that
course can change the course of
somebody's life on a 180. Why are you
going to let one person that doesn't
want you to make 1,500 bucks off of
selling your I I have a mate in
Australia who who did really well out of
selling courses and and helped a lot of
people as well. But he said to me,
"Look, just sit on it a little bit and
just and and actually think about
whether you want to do start in the
education space because you just be
prepared that people will start coming
after you as soon as you start doing
that." That's fine. But I suppose I've
got to I would take the approach like if
you want it, it's there. If you don't,
yeah, don't. That's I think that's I
think that's what I'm gonna put it in
the bio and then it and then and then
don't talk about it. Well, I'll mention
it every now and again but not not go on
the hard cell. You know, we just
literally be like, if you want it, you
want it. If you don't, you don't. If you
don't like that I'm doing it, then
that's on you. Yeah. That's on has
nothing to do with me. Yeah. I didn't re
I didn't realize how much of an inner
thing there was for me to overcome with
that until I until I came to the point
when I was building it. I was fine. I
was like, "Yeah, it's going to help
people. It's going to do this. It's
going to do that. It's going to that."
And then one of my mates goes, "Yeah,
but I sold courses for like 3 years. I
changed this amount of lives." But you
do realize that 90% of people buy
courses don't even watch them. And then
they complain about you online, but
they've not even But when you log in and
look at their data, they've not even
watched the course, but yet they're
calling you a wanker. You know what I
mean? True. So, and I suppose when you
see the backend data of your your open
rates, like they buy it, right? and they
think that buying it is the success, not
not the actual sit down and watch the
stuff. Yeah. A lot of people have a
problem with committing to it once they
buy. So, we we've created a strategy
around that where it's like you don't
unlock access to me and you don't get
you don't unlock access to a community
until you don't watch the videos because
you're not going to just start asking me
questions if you haven't even watched
the videos. So, there's specific ways
how you go about that. And sometimes
like we're just like, "Hey, don't give
us the full amount of money. just give
us 10% of it and watch this video first.
If it makes sense for you, we'll give
you access to the rest. Like, you just
have to create a system that caters to
the client, basically. What's your next
piece of content that you're creating
that's going to like blow it blow it up
on the internet? Oh, I have some [\h__\h]
that's about to go crazy right now.
Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. I have When
are you going to upload this? Probably
in the next two to three weeks. Two to
three weeks. Um,
come on. Don't Don't hold back. Yeah.
I'm I'm I'm gonna do something in the
next two to three weeks. That's the
thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go on. Go on.
Drop it. I I'll tell you. I'll tell you
after. No, drop it because we'll just
release it later. Drop it. Yeah.
Um Well, we have an idea, right? So, we
we have we have multiple ideas. One of
the ideas that we have is I can make
anybody into a six-figure trader without
them not knowing anything about trading.
All you have to do is just click buy or
sell once a day. not knowing anything
about trading. Like I'm talking about
that's a big statement, brother. Like
not knowing anything about trading. You
just pull up to the computer and you
decide what you want to do. You want to
buy or sell? Buy. Okay. Click buy,
leave. Come back tomorrow and do the
same thing. And I can make somebody into
a six-figure trader by doing that. By
not having any knowledge of trading, by
only having a riskmanagement strategy.
If they have a proper riskmanagement
strategy with a profitable one to three
risk-to-reward, they're just going to
make [\h__\h] money. Out of 10 trades
that they take, let's say they lose
seven of those trades. Every single time
they lose, it's minus seven. But every
single time they win, it's plus three.
So you have three, six, nine. This
person could have a 30% win rate, which
is very low, and still be profitable
because they just made back the sevenday
loss plus two. This person is going to
approach the market, not know anything
about trading, and they're going to make
over six figures. All they need is just
money. That's where I'm going to come in
and I'm going to put the money up for
them. But I'm going to create this whole
content around this stranger that we're
going to grab. It's going to be a real
stranger. And we're just going to put
this to the test. stranger, we're going
to pay you to just come here every
single day and click buy or sell and
leave. Come back the next day and do it
again. We're going to do that over the
course of 60 days and you're going to
see how he's going to make more money
than 90% of people that are studying to
learn how to trade. Why? Because people
don't know how to properly manage money.
So, you're going to teach him the system
and teach him the rules first as well.
No, he's not going to do anything. He's
just going to come and click buy or
sell. So, he's just gonna just going to
guess? Yeah, he's just going to guess.
Not even make a
strategic or pre-analyzed guess. You're
just going to click buy or sell. So,
you're telling me that I could just put,
say, a 100 grand of my money into an
account, just log in once a day at a
random time or a predetermined time.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. In a in a session that
the market has. Yeah. In a session that
the market has to offer. So, a preset
time. I click buy or sell and then I
walk away for how long? To the next day.
Come back the next day. But you need to
have a stop loss. You need to have a
take profit, right? You have to which is
which is which is what? Which is what?
Which is a one to three. One to three.
Okay. If you have a one to three, you
will make money after 10 trades. It's
just math. You're not going to lose 10
trades in a row. It's not going to
happen. And let's say you lose eight.
You lose eight and here you just make
back 70% of what you did. You're going
to win more than 30%. You can put it. So
you really are. You really are trying to
take it to the point where it's
literally just betting. It is. Anybody
can do this. So, it's going to be a mass
campaign on
teaching anybody that a stranger can
make money from trading with just having
the proper risk management strategy. And
it's just purely content. And we're
going to add more twist to it. I don't
want to say all of it, but we're going
to add a lot more twist to it. Yeah. No,
I can already I can already see though
that's going to go viral because people
are going to hate in the comments which
is pushing the virality because people
people are going you can't do this and
then people are just arguments. So, I
like content that creates arguments
because, you know, with arguments, it
pushes content like the virality goes
crazy when when people could disagree.
And this is something that's already got
the disagreement built in. So, like I
want to tell the audience that because
when when you're talking about content,
I see the disagreement you're already
building in it so that it pushes the
content further. You know, it just
accentuates everything you're doing. And
that that that's just the initial idea
which is going to create the snowball
effect for the next thing, which is the
real big thing. If we're going to get a
random stranger and make them rich,
whatever they do, whatever they want,
but then we're going to do something
even bigger than that, which is probably
like a sixmon thing, but we're kind of
like finalizing the idea of that. Yeah.
And what what other fancy stuff are you
buying other than a jet? I have the jet.
I'm probably
going I just sold the pink Bugatti, so I
just got rid of the pink one. I just
have the purple one now. I'm probably
going to maybe get Pagani or something.
Another cool car. But I kind of like
with the cars, I'm kind of like maxed
out right now. And uh I'm probably gonna
build the drift car. So they're actually
gonna go pick it up Sunday. Like a shell
of this Miata and probably put an LS
into it. Full transmission, the whole
night. Yeah, I like I like having fun
with He's probably sending it. You need
You need to You need to do something. Do
some kind of trading whilst someone's
trading whilst you're on the back of a
truck going through a shooting range
shooting some [\h__\h] blowing some [\h__\h]
Like you need to do something like that.
I want to see I want to see I want to
see that video. Like someone's someone's
got to press the button whilst guns are
going off, whilst [\h__\h] rocket
launchers shooting off the back of the
thing, you know? This is viral content.
You got to you got to you got to cubin
it up a bit. It's not Cuban enough for
me, right? Like you better be Cuban,
man. There's meant to be [\h__\h] blowing up
and like, you know, wars happening and
just like, you know, that's the Cuba
way, bro. Whilst people are smoking
cigars, you got [\h__\h] thirst and
hitting the buy or sell button, you
know? You know what I mean? Oh, man.
Yeah, Mike's a cool guy. I I built a
pretty big network with all these cool
guys over the last couple of months,
which is really cool. Yeah. Talk to me
about networking because you are an
elite networker. I saw you I saw you on
Instagram the other day with Aiden Ross
um and people like that. You you know
Dana White, Steve will do it. How are
you building networks with high net
worth individuals and and people that
see the value in you, but also you can
also communicate with them. You would be
surprised the amount of flaws and weak
points that these big successful people
have. And that's just your perfect way
in. And I don't do it to capitalize off
of something from them. I don't need
anything from any of these guys. I think
it's just cool knowing these guys. I
think it's cool that I can call Aiden
Ross right now on FaceTime and just talk
[\h__\h] I think it's cool that I can call
Steve and be like, "Yo, let's go play
paddle." Because a lot of these big
guys, they're used to being surrounded
by yesmen. People that are just saying
yes to everything and just following the
lead of whatever they're doing, whatever
they're saying. And the problem with
that is that then they're not used to
realizing the things they're doing
wrong. Even if they're doing something
wrong, the yesmen will say yes, which is
the people all around them. until
somebody equally as successful as them,
either publicly or dollar-wise, says,
"Yo, that shit's [\h__\h] [\h__\h] You
should not be doing that." It kind of
comes off in a different way. It's like,
yo, like, if you're going to do that, do
it like this because it can affect you
this this this way. And they appreciate
that because it's like, wow, somebody
that doesn't want anything from me is
helping me out for me and pointing out
something that I'm doing wrong. And I've
figured out a way how to just analyze
the problems in a lot of these big
people and just help them. And I don't
want nothing in return. I don't need
anything in return. I don't ask for
anything in return. I just want to be
cool with other successful people
outside of my circle because I feel like
we're like-minded. And I'm not going to
go into your circle by being a yesman
because I'm not. I'm going to go into
your circle by being as real as I can.
I'm going to tell you your flaws whether
you like them or not. You could take
that positively or negatively. And if
you like that, you're going to
appreciate me. And if you don't, you
don't. There's been scenarios where I've
pointed out some flaws or tried to help
some of these successful people and they
don't like it because they don't want to
be wrong. They don't want to accept it.
And we don't end up being as cool as
other people. That's totally fine. I
don't want to be cool with somebody that
thinks it's okay to do things wrong and
doesn't want to fix or help themselves.
So with these other guys that you know
the Aden Rosses, the Steves, like Steve
the other day, I'm like, "Yo, Steve,
bro, you gota stop [\h__\h] smoking a
cigarette in the car with the window
down, with the window up. Put the
[\h__\h] window down, bro. You're
hotboxing this [\h__\h] with a cigarette,
dude. Like, come on. Like, we're all
choking in here, bro." He's like, "Bro,
you're right. You're right." He puts it
down. Like, it's just small [\h__\h] like
that that it just comes off as a genuine
thing. It's like Steve, like I don't
think you should drink this [\h__\h] Red
Bull before we're about to just like go
to sleep or just do some chills. Like it
just makes no sense, brother. He's like,
you're right. You know, it's just like
these random little stuff. Obviously,
these are maybe minor examples. I do
obviously different stuff maybe
financially and other stuff, but it's
just things that where you got to just
just speak up and be be the real person
in the circle. Yeah. I I I just want
everyone to pick up on what you've just
said
because throughout this whole interview
you you've been talking about different
topics and the way you look at things
and it and the key thread that's worked
through the whole thing is like you
analyze you analyze the markets, you
analyze the connections and what where
they're at. You analyze where to invest
your money. You analyze your content
strategy and how to position yourself
and how to create the story. So
everything's come everything with you
comes down to analysis right the way
through the process. So your so your key
skill as far as I'm concerned is the
analysis. So if you guys want to
implement what Alex is doing look at
first look at the skill he's developed
first the core skill is to like look at
where the puck is going and understand
where the market is any market whatever
you're going into and then play it you
know same way as you've just described
there. Yeah, I'm an extra analytical
person. Like I I will think 25 times and
consult with 10 different people before
I make a move. Yeah. I I just I don't
feel comfortable off of doing something
like right off the bat. It just makes I
don't know. I I get anxiety. I I need to
make sure that what I'm doing is 100%
concrete. Like before I bought the
Bugatti and I put down $2 million and
I'm paying $70,000 a month, I created a
whole year projection on what am I going
to do with this Bugatti and how is it
going to make me this money back. And
even then, it still took me two, three
months to buy the car before I actually
made the move. Like this jet, I've been
buying this jet for a year. I've been
analyzing what type of jet, how much do
I really travel, the cost around it, can
I build a network before I buy the jet
so when I have it, I already have people
to charter it. Like the jets are already
going to get chartered with my friends
without like without me even having like
I've been chartering the jet before I
even own it just because the owner I've
been just sending in these friends that
want to go from here to New York from
here to Atlanta and they're just using
it. So like before I get into something
it's 100% lock guaranteed zero risk
before that decision. Yeah. You try and
remove the risk before you even enter
the trade. Yeah. There's just no reason
why to be overexposed for no reason. I
know. And I just I really wanted people
to really get that part of it because
cuz when when you're asking multiple
questions about different avenues,
people think it's about different topic,
but it's about the same topic. This the
topic is understand the under the the
the overarching strategy and then make
the play. Not just not just he's not
just making plays into random fields.
You know what I'm saying? Like right now
I want to get into this new business
which is the the catering business like
these pre like meal plans and stuff. I
have no idea anything about this world
but I look at the risk. I'm all right.
What what the hell is the risk? Well,
it's just the food that you would buy
for that week or the food that you would
buy or the the bags. Yeah. The chef that
you'd pay. That's really it. There's no
real risks around it. Maybe there's some
extra risk that maybe the chef cooks the
food a little undercooked and then, you
know, somebody gets sick, maybe a minor
lawsuit, whatever, but like there's no
real risk associated with it. Before I
even thought about the profits of it,
I'm like, dude, you can just get right
into this [\h__\h] and it's just going to
make sense. like you hire like like you
don't buy anything until you don't hire
a client. I mean until you don't get a
customer like you don't hire anybody,
you don't buy the food. So like it's
technically paying for itself right off
the bat. So that's one I I was also
thinking of opening a gym but I'm like
holy [\h__\h] a gym has a lot of risk. You
need to sign a lease, you know, invest
into all this equipment and then you got
to hope you get people through the door.
There's a lot of risk associated with
that. So I didn't end up doing the gym.
I got everything that I always look I
look to minimize the risk as much as I
can. Yeah. My mate's got a a food prep
business in Dubai. And the reason it
does so well is because he knows um the
week ahead of the schedule, how what how
many meals they're doing, this and the
other. So you can order all the
ingredients, you get it all there.
You're only cooking what you use. It's
all prepaid. Pre-o, they pre-sell the
slots. So you can make a business like
that super profitable rather than some
of the businesses that run really in a
in a in a rubbish manner where they they
order a bulk amount of food, they cook a
load of stuff, and then hope they can
sell it. And I I believe in a business
model that you don't have to get a new
client to make more money. Yeah. Once
you get one client for the meal prep,
they're going to they have to [\h__\h]
eat every day, right? Unless they're,
you know, going on a on a a fast, but
they're going to have to eat at one
point and they're just going to the same
customer, whatever that acquisition cost
to get that one customer, you keep
getting that money back and back and
back. It's just recurring money. I don't
like businesses like like clothing, for
example. People don't need clothing and
the amount of times they're going to buy
clothing is going to be a lot less than
the times they eat food and it's not a
necessity and once you sell them
somebody the shirt one time the odds of
them buying again are high but you
constantly have to look for getting
another person for them to continue to
spend money versus a meal prep company
for example you get the customer one
time you give them good quality give
them very good service they're going to
keep buying and you don't have to go
look for a new client so your return on
investment on whatever cost you to get
that client is a lot higher than
anything else rather than you have to
constantly get a new client. Yeah. Yeah.
Always always pick the model with a
recurring basis, you know, recurring and
just that one client can just continue
to because you can compound you can
compound your clients. You can't you
can't do that if you're picking oneself
like what one part of my business is a
lumpy part where where we do like
content removal and it might be a
one-off scenario and then we got retain
clients as well which keeps which is
good for cash flow and then you can
increase the the salailability of your
business when when you come to sell it
and exit it. Obviously, if you don't
have the recurring model, the the the
exit amount is is drastically less, you
know, so it's way better to do it. I
love to ask this question at the end of
every podcast because it allows the
guests to really summarize the
conversation and their lessons and
learnings. But if there's one piece of
golden advice, one pearl of wisdom that
you can drop on this audience that will
move them 1% forward from today, your
best piece of advice, what would that
be?
I say it's
be be realistic with where you are right
now and be realistic with how you're
going to get with where you want to go.
Some people are not in the best
financial situation and they want to
become a millionaire this year. Be
realistic. You're they say you're in
depth. You don't know a skill set.
You're not going to become a millionaire
this year. Even if you have the best
mindset, let's be realistic. You have to
go out there and first get out of depth,
create a system and grow to where the
point where you will be a millionaire.
But a lot of people underestimate their
potential because of their current
situation. And I don't think that's what
people should be doing in order to get
where they want to be. So it's just be
realistic with where you are right now.
Know who you are and what you're capable
of. And then just start. Whatever it is
that you want to do, just go out there
and start. If you want to go out there
and become a personal brand, just start
posting and don't stop. The moment you
start, whatever you do, just don't
[\h__\h] stop. I guarantee you, you do
something long enough, even if you're
[\h__\h] at the beginning, you'll be good.
Fast forward six months. So, just
realize where you are and just [\h__\h]
start. Yeah. And take away the judgment
of self, you know, like similar to what
I mentioned on this podcast, you know,
creating that creating that course, not
releasing it. It's like how many people
could I have helped in the meantime? You
know, it's just it's just it's just you
got to overcome that inner that inner
self. Okay, we all we all we all have a
part of ourselves, bro. There's a
negative comment, delete it. You're not
going to let that affect the people that
you can impact. Makes no sense. I love
that. And that, my friends, is Alex G.
And you can catch his wild lifestyle.
I'll put the links in the bio so you can
catch his wild lifestyle on Instagram
and everything else he's doing on
YouTube. And I'm sure he's going to be
doing some extra Cuban stuff that's
going to be blowing some stuff up in the
next few months. And it's going to be on
YouTube. I'm going to encourage him to
keep scaling the guns on his YouTube
channel. I'm just going to encourage I'm
just going to encourage him to do that.
But guys, I hope this one's added a lot
of value to your life. I hope it's to
it's made you understand about how to
structure and how to move your life
forward and how to plan and you know use
that in every area of your life so that
you can move yourself to a whole new
level. And as always guys, like and
subscribe, share this with a friend.
Much love.
