We're going to build this EA. We'll go
 
step-by-step and by the end of the
series you will fully own this EA
for free. Well, not free. It will take a
computer, an internet connection, and by
the end of it you will probably have a
few more gray hair compared to when you
started. Uh before we go forward, this
trading robot has been on the MQL
marketplace for years.
It sells for $2,800. Seems to be
boosting a lot of profits, consecutive
months in profit, and has full
documentation on the features, how to
install it, requirements, settings,
strategy, and all the other good stuff.
But what we're going to do, we're going
to look through the entire EA, figure
out how it works, and then we're going
to build it by ourselves. Now, let's
look at the EA itself. This is the front
screen of the EA with an entire panel
and a few indicators. But we're going to
build this entire thing with a yellow
Pac-Man. Why? Because I just couldn't
find a green Pac-Man. But in any case,
this is how our EA in entirety will look
like with a full panel, exactly the same
way as you can find in the original.
Let's first try and see how this EA
works. So, this is from the market
and I'm going to run a visual test.
Now, this is going to take forever to
run because there are a lot lot of
indicators and there is a panel as well.
But what we can see here is that the EA
is based on standard deviation 36,
RSI 20,
ATR 96, and ATR 672. So, we're going to
remember these and let's go back. And
now we're going to run the test without
the visual mode. So, we get the results
here.
All of the trades are visible here.
And now we know what are the indicators
through the visual test. So, we can put
those
So, for example, the ATR, and we know we
need ATR 96 and 672. So, ATR 96, and
then we put
an ATR 672.
Then we know there is an RSI 20.
And there is a standard deviation 36.
So, now we have all four of them here
on the results. And let's look at the
first trade,
which is here.
So, what happens is I'm seeing that the
RSI has hit 70. Let's look at the
settings as well. This is based on
Bollinger Band period 35 and RSI period
20. Yes, but the maximum RSI setting of
15. I think this RSI setting is
basically you have the middle 50
and this is 15 above and 15 below for
the buy and sell.
So, this is from 50, we go up to 65 and
35. So, if I look back here, on this
trade, we have an RSI coming close to 60
Yeah, 65. And let's say this trade here
is the buy trade. So, if I come back
down here, I see Yes, it is 38. So, what
I see here is on a new bar.
Look here.
It's come down and the RSI is 32. So,
it's again below 35. Look here. We get
32, again below 35. Now, of course, it's
not that simple. I mean, I just don't
look at the chart and in 1 second
understand exactly how the trades are
opening. But I've seen through many
different back tests is that every time
the new trade open up, it has nothing to
do with ATR. It has nothing to do with
ATR 672. It has nothing to do with the
Bollinger Band or standard deviations,
either. It's only the RSI. So, as long
as it is above 65 or it is below 35,
immediately the trade opens, the first
trade. Not the grid, the first trade.
So, we can figure it out from all the
trades here. The other thing I have
noticed is that in the inputs you have
the Bollinger Bands 35. But in the
indicators, you don't have Bollinger
Bands. What you have is the standard
deviation of 35 or 36. So, it's 35 + 1.
And what is a Bollinger Band? A
Bollinger Band is a moving average with
two standard deviation on the upper side
for the upper Bollinger Band and two
standard deviation on the lower side for
the lower Bollinger Band. So, this
standard deviation is showing up in the
charts because the Bollinger Bands are
being calculated manually using the
moving average and the standard
deviations to the top and standard
deviations below. And this is most
likely because for multi-currency EAs,
MQL struggles with Bollinger Bands. So,
it's easier to get the standard
deviation and then calculate the
Bollinger Band because then you're able
to internally calculate it on every
tick. Now, the other thing I noticed is
that the trade distance is 35, which
basically means that once you have
opened the trade based on RSI, next
trade is going to be 35 pips, and then
the next grid trade is going to be 35,
and then 35, and so on and so forth. So,
the trading robot is opening the first
trade based on RSI, but then it's adding
the grids based on this 35 distance that
the user can specify. But one thing
which I've noticed is that that it's not
always 35. One, because the EA is
running the code on new candles and not
every tick, because with every tick all
of this is going to become way too much.
So, it only runs on a new candle. But
more importantly, what I've noticed is
that there is a link to this ATR 96 and
ATR 672 to get the volatility in the
market. So, if there's more volatility
in the market now versus longer period
ATR,
then this divide by this is being used
as a multiplier to then increase the
level from 35, whatever the user has
put, to a different level. And I know
this because you have this is smart
distance, which if it is true and let's
look here. We ran the test. You see here
the first trade was opened at 9383.
The second trade was opened at 9425,
which is 42 pips. Could be because of
the the candle. But the next trade from
to 9475
is actually 50, which is based on this
value from ATR 96 divided by this value
from ATR 96. So, one divided by the
other gives you a multiplier
and then you multiply that with the
smart distance. The other reason I'm
sure about this is if we go and change
this to false, and I'm going to run the
test again.
Then here in the new test, where we have
disabled the multiplier, if I look at
the same trades, then you will see it's
90 9336 to 9383, which might be because
of this huge candle. But let's say from
here,
9406 to 9443 is 35 pips-ish.
to 9480, 37 pips. And then if I look at
some other trade, it is 9540 to 9576.
So, exactly 36. So, if you turn off the
smart distancing, the distance is
actually exactly 35 plus minus for when
the bar is closing. Whereas in the case
of a smart distance being true, the
differences are quite different. So, you
have 9425
to 9475,
which is 50 pips. And that is because of
this ATR divided by this ATR gives you a
value which is being used as a
multiplier. Now, I have run the test on
AUD/CAD, NZD/CAD, and different
currencies to verify this. You're more
than welcome to download the demo EA,
look it up for yourself. By the way,
this is also very evident when you're
running the EA in the visual mode with
the panel on,
that you will see here the next level
and the lots. And here the next level is
always 35, only changing with the smart
TP based on the ATR 96 divided by ATR
672. The next thing I saw in the inputs,
after the smart distance, you have the
second trade multiplier, the third to
the fifth trade multiplier, and the
sixth multiplier, which is one,
two, and 1.6, which is You look at the
grid. Let's say it's 3.64 for the first
trade, the base trade. Then for the
level one, it is a still 3.64. But for
the level two, it's going to be
multiplied by two. So, it's from 3.64 to
7.28. Then for the third level, it is
going to be multiplied again by two. And
then if there are more positions, this
is how the entire multiplier will
continue. So, you will have the base
rate as a lot size calculation, which is
coming out of this setting. But once you
have the base rate, the first level is
going to have this multiplier. Then from
third to fifth trade, you're going to
double the lots every time. And then
from sixth trade, meaning level five
onwards, you're going to multiply it by
1.6. This is how the entire martingale
is working in this EA. And this then
links back into the weighted take
profit, which is the initial take profit
when the first trade, the base trade,
opens is 10. But then going forward,
once we open martingale, so the next
levels can become heavier in lots. In
that case, we take the weighted average
of all the positions, and then we
calculate the average price, and then we
put the TP versus that average price.
It's a weighted take profit in that
sense. And then this possibility of take
profit for grid in pips, which can be
different from this one. So, if nothing
is specified here, it will be the
weighted average price if this property
is true. Otherwise, it will just be a
simple average. And then from that
simple average or weighted average
price, the distance to the TP is going
to be this 10 initial pips. Otherwise,
if the user has specified something
here, then depending on its simple
average or a weighted average, this take
profit is going to be used. And then
going back up here, what I see here as a
lot sizing is that you have lot of
setting of 25% annually, which is 0.25%
deposit load. Then 40%, which is 0.5%
deposit load. Then 80%, which I'm
assuming is between 0.5 and 1.5, cuz
it's just double. So, 0.25 to 0.5. Then
80% is definitely one. And then 120,
which is 1 and 1/2 * 80%. So, this one
is 1.5 deposit load. And then you have
dynamic lot size based on balance and
equity, which is a very simple one,
which is you specify here the dynamic
lot. So, 0.01 lot size per every
$10,000. For every $10,000 of either
equity or balance is the minimum lot
size, 0.01. And then the fixed lots is
very simple. It's fixed lots and then
you specify it here, but then you also
have the lots based on deposit load,
where you can specify a custom deposit
load. It's 0.25 as the default, which is
the setting. 0.25, this is 0.5, then
this is 1 and this 1.5. These are the
lot sizing method for the base trade.
And then for all other trades, you have
these multipliers. And by the way, I
think you can also put custom
multipliers by comma. We can spend
another hour going through all of this
James Bond 007 stuff. You're more than
welcome to download the demo EA and
verify it for yourself. But the main way
that the EA actually works is the RSI
value from 50 is used to open the first
trade. Then this trade distance of 35
determines the next levels. The smart
distances are based on ATR 96 / ATR 672
as a multiplier. So, you take that
multiplier and multiply with the trade
distance. What I've also seen there's a
gap between 1 and 1.5 because I've not
seen a trade in a grid which is less
than 35. So, it's definitely a gap of 1
on the lower side. And then I've not
seen something which is more than 1 and
1/2. So, that's the upper limit for this
ATR. Well, a smart distance, it is very
very smart. But yes, in a way, I mean,
if you have the faster ATR 96 is more
volatile than the longer term ATR 672,
you might want to increase the distance
of your and it's a good linkage. Then
you have the multipliers for the lot
sizing and martingaling. And there's one
more setting which is of interest, which
is the grid level to start. And it's a
very clever one. So, normally whenever
your RSI is going to hit this
15 difference from the mean 50,
you're going to open up a trade. But you
also have the possibility
of actually saying, "No, I want to start
from level three." In which case, and
let's run it to see that when you run it
with the grid level to start as three,
then for the base level, you have 0.01.
For the first level, you have 0.01. And
then from trade three, you actually have
3.66. While in the original one, you can
see here from the very beginning it is
3.64, 3.64, and then double already,
6.7.28.
Grid leveling is started immediately
from the time that the RSI hits 65 or
35.
But if you are setting the grid level to
start at a different value, then in that
case, the EA is still places a bookmark,
but with the minimum lot, 0.01. For the
second level, it is still 0.01.
Only from the level that you specify,
that's where the actual lot sizing will
start. 3.66. So, you don't put 3.66
already here. You wait because, for
example, you're expecting the price to
move against you. In that case, what's
the point of putting the full lot size
here when you're already expecting that
the price is going to move against you?
Now, of course, there are many trades
where you're going to open up on the
first level and immediately it hits the
take profit. So, you lose on that
because you're only going to have 0.01.
But when the market conditions are a bit
more volatile, this can come in very
handy. Then you only put a bookmark
here, a bookmark here, and actual lot
sizing starts from the level three. Now,
another intelligent one is that when
you're doing this, you also have the
option to keep the original profit and
lot sizing.
What that means, in the normal where if
we are starting from level one, the
first lot was already 3.64. And this was
3.64. And then already this is 7.28. And
then this is again 14.56.
But here, you started with 0.01, 0.01.
But then this is going to be equal to
the first trade that you placed. But if
you change this to keep original lot
size and profit levels, and now if we
run the back test, what you will see is
that the first trade is 0.01.
The second trade is 0.01. But the third
trade is not 3.67, it's already 6.82.
As if this was calculated to be 3.6,
this was calculated to be. So, even
though we're placing bookmarks of 0.01
and 0.01,
but we're somehow is storing the values
of what the lot size would have been
if we were starting from grid level one.
And then on the third level, we already
start with that multiplier.
Very clever. So, the difference between
the three is if you have this grid level
to start as the normal default one, then
in that case, from the first time that
the RSI hits the 65 or whatever you have
specified that that level, it will open
up the trade normally with the lot
sizing based on whatever you have
selected here in the lot sizing method.
But if you select a value different in
the grid size to open, then you have two
very clever different options, which is
one to keep the original profit and lot
sizing to false, in which case the the
grid is going to be based on 0.01,
0.01.
And from the third trade,
we're going to start calculating based
on the deposit load. So, this is going
to be the first trade in that case. But
then if you had selected it to be true,
which is the back test here, then in
that case, even though we're placing
bookmarks on trade one, bookmark on
level two, we are still considering
these to be actual trade. So, from level
three, we calculate the lot size as if
these were full lot sizing
according to the method that we have
selected. Now, let's quickly look
through the critical settings.
I'm not going to go through the entire
page. Most of this is just cosmetics and
stuff or I'll run very quickly through.
But since we're going to build this
entire EA ourselves, so it's probably
better to understand what is it that
we're actually about to build. So, this
is just allow the opening of the new
trade. Then the lot sizing method,
that's the important one.
Fixed lots, lots based on deposit load,
in which case you put this here. Dynamic
lot sizing based on balance or equity.
So, 0.01 lot size based on what balance?
So, $20,000 will be 0.02. $30,000 will
be 0.03. Then deposit load as a
percentage, 0.25. And then there are
some preset settings, which is low risk
is 0.25 deposit load, medium risk is
0.5, significant risk, which is double
this, so it's definitely 1%. And then
120%, which is six time this, so 1 and
1/2, 1/2%. So, that's what our lot
sizing are going to be based on. Then
this one, the fixed initial deposit. And
that's also a clever one because with
the martingaling strategies, it's not a
question of if, it's a question of when
your strategy is going to blow. It will
blow unless you have tremendous amount
of deposit. So, then the idea with the
martingaling strategies is always you
put an initial deposit,
but as soon as you make some profit,
take it out. And then you make some
profit, take it out. And what you're
betting on is that you will make more
money than the initial deposit before
the EA tanks. Now, this setting allows
you
in the tester only
to set fixed initial deposit. So, even
though in the tester itself with the
profit, your balance might increase, but
the lot sizing is always going to take
this initial deposit as if you were
withdrawing the money all the time. So,
these three settings are related to
that.
I mean, that's just rounding method. So,
yeah.
Max lot per lot, yeah, fine, understood.
Auto split,
which is if the lot size becomes so big,
which is not allowed by either your max
lot per order or your broker, then in
that case, do you want to split it into
two trades and then send? Maximum
spread, maximum slippage, understood.
Portfolio, no idea. I think it's just
cosmetic Maximum number at a time.
So, even though you might have three or
four currencies at the same time,
if two currencies always already have
grids, then you don't allow more grids
to open up. So, that's a very good
restriction that you can put. Only one
symbol if the grid reaches this level.
So, on one symbol if it reaches level
four, so it's a massive grid, then you
don't want to allow anything else.
Something something. Allow hedging,
which is if there's a buy grid on the
symbol, do you also allow a sell grid on
the same symbol? Allow trading during
holiday, cool. A very simple one, do you
allow buy and sell, buy only, or sell
only? Um minimum free margin,
okay, a validation. Then this maximum
floating drawdown. So, that's a drawdown
control.
Then maximum floating drawdown in money,
so that's the money control. So, this
one is in percentage and this one is in
dollars.
Then some FTMO related stuff.
And then this one. So, when the drawdown
happens based on this, what do you want?
Do you want to close the trades and stop
trading? Do you want to close the trade
and stop trading until restart? Do you
want to stop trading?
Do you want to close the trade and stop
trading? I think it until restart.
Uh prohibit opening new grids, prohibit
opening new grids until restart. And
then the rollover because during the end
of the day, the spreads can spike a lot.
So, you might want to have a rollover
period. So, from 23:45
until 0:15 the next morning, that's the
rollover period, during which you do you
want to stop everything? Meaning like
don't take any trade, don't close any
trades because the spreads must be very
high.
And then maximum drawdown, is it based
on this account or this is strategy?
Because you might have manual trades as
well. Do you take the drawdown only for
this EA or this is strategy or for the
entire account? Something something
cosmetics then hour to start trading and
hour to stop trading. Yeah, very valid
ones. Then trade on Monday, trade until
Friday. Do you want to restrict any
particular day which I don't understand
really? I mean, yeah, it's there but if
you have a grid open in a martingale
setting, how can you not trade on
Wednesday then? Like what? I'm three
level deep in a grid and I've floating
negative profit of $300 but I decide not
to trade on Wednesday.
Okay, it might be useful if you're just
going Okay, don't open up a new grid on
Wednesday
or Friday because it's a sacred Muslim
day. I don't know. Then the rollover
period we already looked at. Then the
sendovers during rollover mean during
this period if there is an order, do you
send it or not? And then remove the take
profit and stop loss during the
rollover. I don't know why you would
want to remove the take profit during
rollover because yeah, if it hits it's
happy days. Well, do you not want to
take profit during the rollover period?
A stop loss makes sense if there is
actually a stop loss because what I've
seen is somewhere down below here is the
stop loss is actually 1,000 pips if it
is zero. So 1,000 pips that kind of
spikes not going to happen during
rollover but let's suppose that the user
has put a value into the stop loss then
yes, I can see the sense in removing the
stop loss during rollover because what
happens at the end of the day is the
spreads are going to spike, take your
stop loss and then shrink back again.
And your stop loss is gone, your trade
is gone. So yeah, it might be a good
idea to actually during the rollover
remove the stop loss. So yes, that's a
good one. Then of course, what symbols?
No idea what this is but
Okay, working time frame for Bollinger
Bands and RSI. What what it is based on
is 15 minutes. Then you have the
Bollinger Band period as 35, RSI as 20
and the RSI value which is going to
determine where we open the first trade.
Reverse strategy, well, it's an option,
I guess. One can build it which is
instead of taking the sell trade, take
the buy trade. So you want to reverse
the strategy which is the same probably
as the open open opposite trade. And
then the take profit, we have already
covered that. Take profit and the
weighted take profit and the grid take
profit if it is going to be different
from the initial take profit. And then
you have these two additional settings
which can probably come in help which is
take profit after a certain level. So
let's say four levels I've opened then
you might want to have a different TP
than if it was just to up to grid two.
And same for the number of X bars which
is if 500 bars or 200 bars or 100 bars
have happened since the time. So it's
been a long time the grid is open then
you might want to assign a different TP.
I don't think this is anytime really
useful but fine, it's there. Then hide
the take profit which is funny. I
understand the hide the take stop loss
that you don't send it to the to the
broker. Your broker might hunt stop
losses. But take profit, well, I
wouldn't mind if my broker hits my TP.
That's just me making some profit. So
hide take profit does not really make
much sense but fine, it's here in the
year. And then the OPO method for taking
TP once again, it's stupid which is here
is my TP level but only take the take
profit if the bar closes above it.
Like why?
Why would you risk that actually your TP
was hit but the bar didn't close above,
it closed below. You didn't hit your TP.
Like why would you want to do that? By
anyways, open price only method to
handle TP. And then time frame for OPO
method is well, you can define a
different one from the main time frame.
Is smart take profit? This I already
spoke. I mean, yeah, I cannot show you
the entire double O seven stuff here but
this is basically based on Bollinger
Bands.
You set your TP as a percentage of how
wide the Bollinger Bands are. Okay, do
not adjust the TP unless a new grid
level opens which means yeah, it makes
kind of sense. I mean, you don't want to
adjust your TP every three bars. So if
this is your first level and here is the
TP and then your second level opens,
then you want to take a weighted average
and then set the TP and move it. So this
kind of makes sense. I don't understand
why anybody would choose to be false.
Don't know, don't understand and don't
really think that it it is something
useful. Cover swaps? Yes, if your grid
is open for five days
then there must be some swap
accumulated. So for your TP calculation,
do you want to include the swap cover as
well? So you change your TP after the
rollover.
But once again, these settings are not
related to the functioning of the year.
This is more fine tuning of the year. So
let's go through them with with that in
mind. Is stop loss? Makes sense. Hide
the stop loss.
I don't think that the stop loss hunting
happens. Well, don't start writing in
comments that it does.
Maybe it does and I haven't experienced
it. But here yeah, it makes sense to
hide it. And then makes sense to do OPO
method because you don't want just a
spike to take it and go back. You want
if the entire candle closes below the
stop loss, that's when you take the stop
loss hit. So here OPO method will make
much more sense than in the TP. Then
trailing the stop loss in pips,
understand. Randomize order TP level.
I like what? I mean, just take it out of
your hat. And then the trade distance
we've been through. A smart distance is
based on ATRs.
Multipliers we've already understood.
Maximum number of trades on the year,
fine, understood. Calculate level from
the initial trades, understood. Grid
level to start we also looked at in
quite a lot of detail. What does that
mean? Placing bookmark trades
until that level or start from the very
first first level. Then keep original
profit which was related to if this is a
different number, then do you want to
start at level three as if level one and
level two were calculated with the
proper lot sizing
or do you want to start with the first
lot sizing on level three? Understood.
Then news filter, understand. Here, I
mean, we're going to build the entire
news panel anyways. So yes, news filter
is enabled. And then the news action,
prohibit opening of the initial which
makes sense. So yeah, we'll incorporate
that. Disable trading on bank holidays,
news filter. I mean, all of this is
yeah, fine fine fine, understand, easy
to do. It speaks. I don't know. Maybe
the year speaks if you turn it to
or
this is
when what's his name? Jerome Powell when
he opens his mouth, things go really bad
sometimes. What's the period before the
news and after the news? Do you want to
increase the TP? And then there's the
crash of the stock market which is based
on some setting which I cannot figure
out. So when we're going to be building
it, I'm not going to be building this
one. I I really can't figure this out.
What does it mean by crash? I think it's
a percentage.
Probably we can build that which is if
the stock market SP500 or I mean, you
define here which one
if SP500 drops by 3%
so you can in the background monitor if
it drops by more than 3% then you stop
trading or something.
Um so I understand what this is supposed
to be doing. I cannot figure out because
I mean, here I can only run a back test
and in the back test I cannot figure out
what's the linkage. So maybe we will
build one of our own but it's not going
to be based on what I can see in the
year itself.
And then the trade comment, UID is the
unique identifier which I understand
because of this magic number and the way
I've seen the magic numbers work. It is
a very unique method which is you build
the magic number based on the direction
of the year, then the magic number
itself which is 84570
and then ending it with a level. Two
decimals for the level so you can keep a
track of whether it's a buy grid, it's a
sell grid
but also which level is it? So every
trade has a different magic number.
That's what we're going to build as
well.
Show panel, understood. Show stats,
understood. Show the next level grid.
Yes, that's part of the panel. So yeah,
of course.
Font size, yeah, okay. In the panel
we're going to build a font size as
well. And then debug mode.
Why? Like me? Who runs the year in debug
mode? That's for debugging but fine. And
disable automatic GMT detection. GMT DST
is like when you're running the year on
the chart in a proper account, it's your
broker server which time which makes
sense. But fine, we'll add a GMT and DST
as well. But the point is a lot of these
settings are just a small
flavors
for the lack of a better word. I suppose
a lot of it is also to justify the
$2,800 price tag and also maybe a lot of
people look at this and go, "Wow.
This must be good."
But we're going to start with the
backbone of the year and then we'll see
all the things from here which makes
sense, we'll add it.
I think adding all of this is definitely
going to require
quite a bit of effort. I think we should
be thankful to the gentleman who built
this EA and also be thankful to him that
he actually showed which indicators and
parameters he's using through these
indicators and the panel here what it's
displaying plus the settings on the
Bollinger Bands and RSI, it's not that
difficult to to out what's happening in
the trading bot. I think the bigger
question is even if you understand what
is happening in this $2,800 grid
management system,
can you build it?
And the answer is yes, with a computer,
an internet connection,
a small thank you to Mr. Caffrey,
and a few more gray hair,
yes, you can. And that's what we're
going to build in this series.
So, until next time, guys,
stay safe, [music]
trade safe.
