Most traders don't fail because they're
 
bad at trading. They fail because
they're on one of the two extremes.
[music] And both will destroy your
account. There are two types of traders
in the market. One is never pulling the
trigger. One never stops clicking
buttons. If you're either one of them,
this video [music] is for you. And the
thing is, I see this consistently. And
from the surface layer, one of them
looks like they're disciplined, but the
truth is they're not. Both are stuck.
Both are limiting themselves. Both are
leaving money, confidence, and
consistency on the table. Let me give
you a real example of this. One of my
one-to-one coaching clients, Jan, very
intelligent, has a good understanding of
market structure, very disciplined, but
when it comes to trading, he [music]
would get payouts quite consistently,
only take two or three trades a month,
and go in this huge freeze period. And
on our first coaching call, we were able
to find the root cause of what was going
on and reverse engineer seven years of
self-sabotage in just one call. And
here's the key thing, it wasn't even a
strategy issue. For the most part, his
strategy was pretty solid. A little bit
loose in certain areas. And the only
thing he did see to me is he would have
three screens side by side. He'd do one
set of narrative, then do another one
and another one. So, it conflicts with
each other. But for the most part, it
was a speed [music] issue because he's
freezing for a while. He's not taking
any trades. He's never going to get to
success that way. And here's the hard
truth. Once you have an edge, waiting
longer does not equate to more results.
You can be way too conservative and you
can be way too aggressive.
The key part is finding the middle, the
equilibrium. Conservative traders don't
really blow accounts. But what they do
do is bleed time. They never seem to get
to success and always remain [music] in
this process of being realistic and
having average results because they
never get towards success. They don't
take it with both hands. Now, let's talk
about the other side because I've seen
this just as much, if not more often.
I've seen people go from taking a 3K
account to 50K and then blowing the
thing. I've seen traders take [music]
50, 60, 70 trades in one month. They're
always in the market. They're always
doing something. They're always clicking
buttons for the sake of doing it. You
don't need to trade all sessions. You
don't need to [music] trade every day.
But these traders find a way to make
money, but give it all back to the
market. These traders are super prone to
tilt. So it means that one mistake, one
overtrading day just sends them into a
complete spiral and they end up just
overtrading and giving back profit to
the market and usually just ending up in
draw down. What these traders do is they
confuse activity with real results and
progression. These traders don't need to
be in the market all the time. They need
constraint. They need discipline. The
goal is not to be conservative, but it's
also not to be aggressive. Your goal is
to find equilibrium. Find that middle
ground because that's where the real
edge lies. And it is often nurtured.
Very rarely do I see someone who has
that middle ground. They either come
from a background of being too
conservative or way too aggressive. It
takes training and nurture to get to
that middle ground. But once you reach
there, you have that psychological edge
in the markets [music] because the
markets is just a mirror image of what
you come to it as. Your thoughts, your
mental state, your behavioral patterns.
It's all a mirror of what you think. A
practical to this is if you are too
conservative, you need to practice
speed. Now, this can't always be
nurtured. It's something you can
practice. My recommendation, because I
used to be like this, is to be around
speedy people. They always find a way to
get things done. You know, if you're in
a restaurant, don't spend half an hour
trying to figure out what you want to
order. Go and order it. Be decisive and
back yourself with that decision. It
will creep over into your trading and in
your daily life. These people also need
to stop waiting for perfection. It
sounds very easy, but what I found with
these people is they put results funding
on a pedestal, which means if you're
taking three years to try a 100k funding
challenge, it's like, come on, mate.
Speed up. You need to do something about
that. So don't take too long. Realize
that nothing is often what it seems.
Take action. Even if you fail, you're
going to fail forward 10 times as quick
as someone who is always on the
sidelines. And I'll give you a real life
example of this. I've been in the
markets now for for a while. You know,
almost 10 years at this point. Before I
started trading gold in Q4, you know how
long I back tested it for? Not three
months, not six months, not even a
month. A week of live testing before I
traded it live.
Okay. Now, because of my experience and
I know what I'm looking at in that data
to to support whether I should trade it
or not, it doesn't take me too long. But
I had to act with speed. I knew where
gold was at. I knew the macro play. I
knew [snorts] where during an expansive
period that I need to take advantage of.
So, I didn't mess around. I didn't fuff
around. I just acted with speed. And on
the back end of that, 40k in payouts
from two firms in two months. I ended
the year strong coming into this year.
My focus is now on gold. You have to act
with speed. But on the other end, I've
seen people who are still back testing
gold from the same month that I decided
to trade. They're still testing it.
They're not even trading it live yet.
And it's like you've missed out on 40
50k of profits because you can't act
with speed. To the person who is
conservative, if you are consistently
profitable, you should be getting
involved in funding as quick as you can.
Don't wait 6 months because you feel the
need to do that. You know, time waits
for no one. You really got to act with
speed. Even if you do fail three
accounts, it's not the end of the world.
As long as you take those lessons
forward, that's all that really matters.
You're going to be a lot more speedier
than someone who's waiting on the
sidelines for 6 months and doesn't take
any action at all. And to the person
that is addicted to clicking buttons and
pushing buy or sell, you need to slow
down. You need to put yourself in a key
routine. It's all about constraint and
discipline. How do you do that? I would
recommend not trading both sessions. So
if you're a day trader, figure out what
your most profitable session is. Let's
say it's London open. Focus your
attention on London open. 60 90 minute
window. One asset class or minimal asset
classes.
One model. After that period of time,
you close the laptop down. You log out
of trading view. You don't check it for
the rest of the day. [music] Who cares
what New York Open does at that point?
You're trading London. You do not need
to focus on New York at that point. Then
[music]
go to the gym, go work on your physique,
go feed your mind, go invest in
yourself, go build another project, go
and get money elsewhere. That's what you
should be focused on. Now, by you doing
that, you're not only are you shifting
your focus to what should be done. So,
you're trading for 60, 90 minutes,
whatever happens, you take a win, you
walk away. You take a loss, then you
have one more bullet in the chamber to
pull if necessary. Two bullets a day on
a trading day. Not every day is going to
be a trading day, but when you do trade
two bullets max, don't start revenge
trading three, four, five, six trades,
that's where you start blowing your
accounts. That's when you put yourself
in a heavy draw down and just dig your
own grave. It sounds very simple, but
routine is honestly the answer. Once you
get your routine nailed down and you
fall in love with the process of other
aspects of your life throughout the rest
of the day, your trading will come
secondary and your trading will be the
most profitable it's ever been as a side
effect. After I've traded, you know what
I do? I go and get a coffee with my
girlfriend. We chill out for a bit, have
a little break, compartmentalize, hit
the gym, come back. I focus on envision.
I focus on one-to-one clients, calls,
all this stuff. For the last two or
three days, I haven't checked the charts
after London open once. I promise you
that alone will transform your trading.
You just need a bit of discipline. And
once you execute this for 74 days, it
becomes habitual. When it becomes
habitual, you don't have to apply
conscious effort anymore. It just
becomes natural to you. My
recommendation to you watching is you
are going to identify with one of these
traders. It's likely one of you. So
spend some time after this video and
write down on a piece of paper, am I too
conservative? Am I waiting for success
to come to me? Am I taking two trades a
month and think that this is going to
make me successful? But the reality is
it's not going to be the case or am I
going into huge tilt cycles, blowing my
accounts, taking six trades a day? What
person can I identify with? Get clarity
and awareness with that. Put restraint,
discipline, and routine in place. that
will change your routine. It will change
your trading as a side effect of that.
And last but not least, if you're one of
these traders, you're conservative, you
barely take any trades per month, or
you're overly aggressive and just go on
these huge tilt cycles and end up
blowing accounts, I'd recommend clicking
the link in the description. You can
apply for one-to-one coaching with
myself. We'll jump on a call, see if
you're a good fit. If so, you could
potentially work with me. See you in the
next video.
