92% of trades are taken by robots. No
 
screens, no motion, no loss time, just
winning trades exactly [music] like
these. I've been coding and trading with
robots for 17 years. But this is my
masterpiece, the culmination of my
trading career, the Trade with Pat
robot. And I've got live trading
results, 15-year back tests, and literal
academic papers that prove the viability
of my algorithm. It can win trades on
forex, gold, indices, and even crypto.
But I don't promise any future trading
results, so please trade safe. Now, let
me walk you through the trading process.
And yes, two lucky viewers that watch
the entire video, subscribe to the
channel, hit that like button, and leave
a comment will receive a free copy of
the Trade with Pat Robot. Now, let's win
some trades. So, what makes a winning
trading robot? The strategy. So, it's
9:30 a.m. You're probably at work. You
can't get to the charts, but we have
some incredible scalping opportunities
that come during that New York session.
We set the top of our range right here
and the bottom of our range right here
using the first 15 minutes during that
New York Stock Exchange open from 9:30
to 9:45.
Then on that 5minut time frame, we wait
for price to push out and close above
the range. You can see that right there
is what [music] you call an open range
breakout. And during that impulsive move
up, we created a level of demand which
[music] we're going to use to enter a
live trading position. And so when price
comes back to the demand, we enter the
trading position. And you can see the
trade started to go in our direction and
smash the takerit, reacting perfectly
off that range midline in our demand
zone. Now on your screen, you can see
this exact trade being played out on my
live stream in front of thousands of
traders. And I can show you over 50 wins
using the open range breakout trading
strategy at the exact same time every
day because I've been doing this on live
stream for the past 6 months with a 74%
win rate. So, how does my robot take
these trades for me? Well, let's go and
take a look at the robot settings right
here. If we look at the strategy portion
of the robot right here, we are trading
the New York Stock Exchange open. Our
entry mode would be supply and demand.
And we could even specify how many
candles in a row make up a supply or
demand level. So if we go back to the
trade here, you can see we had one, two,
three candles in a row. So I would set
that minimum to at least three or four
candles. Then the robot will
automatically map out that level of
demand on the red candle before the push
up. And then when you get the break, if
the price comes back to the demand zone,
then the robot will enter a buy trade
while you're at your desk at work. And
as I already showed you, the trade will
push up and smash the takerit hopefully.
Now, here we are on the Trade with Pat
robot website. You can see it's
absolutely beautiful. I've got the
trading results here for you. You'll be
able to download set files before you
even purchase the software. And of
course, we have the beautiful 15-year
strategy tests and the trade zela data
down here. But let's start with the live
My FXbook account right here. You could
see track record verified, trading
privileges verified. This is a $3,000
account that is now at $5,200 over the
course of just a couple of months. Now,
obviously, stop-loss is on every single
trade here. As you could see, there are
wins, there are losses, and we could see
that in Tradzella as well here with that
84.38%
win rate. And the monthly stats have
been pretty much mostly green here. You
can see mostly green here. If we go to
the last month, same sort of thing. The
month before that, same thing. And then
the first month, of course, pretty
similar again. And if you look at the
net daily P&L here, you can see we have
money management in the robot that
provides compounding growth. So the
account is just getting bigger and
trading bigger trades, winning bigger
trades. So let's scroll down to account
history here and take a look at some of
the trades. We have a trade here that
took 33 seconds and another trade here
that took 6 hours and 42 minutes. Most
of the setups I use are actually
scalping. So, we're looking for quick
wins, but the robot is capable of doing
so many things. Let's just take a look
at some of these trades. So, you could
see here at the bottom, it's been mostly
profit. At one point, we won 13 trades
in a row. It was absolutely incredible.
But let's minimize that and take a look
at some trades here. You can see this is
a developer version of the software, so
it looks a little bit different, but you
can see it maps out the box right there.
That's our range. It broke out the top
of the range, but it didn't place a
trade there. I'll tell you why in a
minute. But then it broke out the bottom
of the range, retested this range right
here, and then shot down, winning a huge
trade in about 16 seconds. Hey, it would
have been nice if this came all the way
down here, but a take profit's a
takerit. And on that same day, we had
this EU trade where price broke out the
bottom and closed. Then retested the
bottom of the zone here and then pushed
down, took a takerit right there. Came
down even further, took another takerit
right here. Now, the entry model for
this was really simple, right? We had
our range, price broke out the bottom of
the range, and then retested that range
again, which is where the robot enters
the trading position, and then price
pushed down and smashed our takerit. But
in the first trade, you could see here
price actually broke out the top and
closed and then broke out the bottom and
then entered here. So how is that
possible and why didn't it enter the
trade here? Well, that's because we have
filters in the robot. Just imagine there
was an EMA like this right here telling
us that the price was in a downtrend. So
we only want the robot to sell. Well, if
we come to filters right here, we could
use the EMA, set that to true, and let's
say we have a period of 200. Well, what
that does is if the price is below the
EMA like it is here, it will only sell.
Or maybe you don't want to trade during
the news, then you would come to the
news section here, and you would set the
news filter to true. And you could say,
I only want the robot to avoid trades
when that news is high impact news. I'll
set that to true. Let's make the robot
not trade 30 minutes before the news and
30 minutes after the news. Now, that's
just a couple of settings. Honestly,
there's hundreds of settings that you
can change, but I actually provide
proven winning settings. So, let me show
you how you can use those. But before we
get into that, if you're looking for a
place to trade, AAA effect is where I've
optimized the trade with Pat Robot. This
is the best broker in the business right
now. The commissions are low, the
spreads are low, the executions are
perfect, and it's the best broker for my
robot. So, click the link in the
description and register now. Now, let
me show you how easy it is to actually
use the Trade with Pat robot. So, first
things first, you're in your MetaTrader
platform. If you don't know how to set
this up, don't worry. I've got videos in
the members area. Let's just take a pair
right here. Let's take the Euro US
dollar. Then, in our navigator, right
down here, you can see we have the Orb
EA. Let's put that on the chart. I'm
just going to enter my username. I'm
going to accept the terms of service and
then I'm going to load a set file. You
can see there's a bunch of set files
that I've provided. Which one am I going
to choose? Well, let's go back to the
website here. You can see we've got
these 15-year back tests. Let's click on
this one right here. Absolutely
incredible results here. You can see
deposit $10,000 profit $441,000.
And I have the exact set file for this.
You can see if we go into the forward
test right here. This is the live
account using this exact set file right
now on the Euro US dollar. This growth
is showing at about 9% in about a
month's time. So 5.75% per month. A draw
down of just over 1%. We come here. We
can see the win rate is 73% winning 40
out of 55 trades. And this is meant to
be a scalper. So most of these trades
are very very short. You can see 11
minutes, 3 minutes, 3 minutes, and we
have this exact set file. So, let's just
come to EuroUSD America right there.
We're going to click open and the set
file is installed and we are ready to
let the Trade with Pat robot do its
thing on our trading account. It's
honestly that simple. Now, if you want
to join, this robot is compatible with
all MetaTrader 4, MetaTrader 5 brokers.
You could use it on Forex, gold,
indices, everything. We've got the
built-in news filter. You've got all the
entry models you need, and I'm giving
this thing away for $379.
That'll get you one live account license
that you can reuse as many times as you
want, unlimited demo licenses. You could
use this to pass funding challenges,
really anything you want. We've got the
Discord community access. I'm still
setting the Discord up right here, but
if you look to the left over here,
there's going to be an area where we can
talk about settings. There's going to be
an area where I give prizes for people
who have the best results with their
settings and share those settings to the
community and another area where you
just share those results. So, there's
going to be a ton of incentives for
people to share their winning settings.
And obviously, I already have my winning
settings that come with the software.
So, just click join now right here. This
will take you to the payment page. You
just want to order one of those unless
you really want three. Enter the coupon
code Patty. Click apply. That'll give
you 20% off. And there's no subscription
fees. You only pay one time and you have
this for life. Then you can proceed to
checkout or you can pay with Google Pay,
link, PayPal, and that's it, baby. If
you have any questions, leave a comment,
smash the like button. If your comment
is good, maybe you'll be one of the two
winners that get free access to the
robot. I'm incredibly excited about
this. I hope you join. If you want more
info, watch this video right here. Maybe
watch this video right here. And I'll be
back next week. Much love.
