In this video, I'm going to show you
 
guys the one free indicator that I use
that got me over an 83% win rate, six
figures in payouts, and I can literally
trade it at the exact same time every
single day. Using this has my top set
P&L over $50,000 this month alone, and
the month's not even over. This is
$27,000 on just one account here. And
yes, it is expressed. Let me go ahead
and refresh the page for all of you
guys. And go ahead and go to the other
ones again. Here's 10,500. And here's
10,700. And additionally, I got another
$10,000 account. Took a 5K payout and
blew that one. So that puts my tops up
P&L at $53,000 this month alone with
this. Now, here's what no one tells you,
okay? I almost completely missed out on
having that kind of P&L because my
charts literally looked like a [\h__\h]
Christmas tree with like 15 different
indicators. It was actually killing my
win rate when I thought it would improve
it. And the one indicator that I
actually finally found that worked for
me, it's not RSI, it's not MACD, it's
not any of that noise. I'm talking about
the one indicator that replaced
literally everything for me once I had
finally cleared my charts. So, in the
next few minutes, I'll show you exactly
what it is, why it's outperforming
literally everything else, and how you
can set it up to start taking consistent
payouts like my students are. But first,
if you're actually going to use an
indicator to trade and add to your
strategy, you need to understand why
most traders actually fail with
traditional indicators. Most traders,
especially at the beginning, end up
thinking that, oh, the more indicators I
have, the more confluences I have, if I
can just add a ton of indicators, I'm
going to end up being profitable, right?
That's actually legit just completely
killing your win rate. Look, I had RSIs,
MACD's, Ballinger bands, moving
averages, literally everything you could
possibly think of. And my chart honestly
looked worse than this. I wish I had a
screenshot that I could go back and
find. There's probably one in my phone
from years ago. Anyways, that resulted
in me spending about 2 years just trying
to make all of my charts look like my
favorite gurus charts, kind of combining
everything and thinking that it would
just magically turn me profitable. And
look, it's not necessarily that
indicators just don't work. It's more
the fact that you're putting 10
different ones on your charts at a time
and they actually all just end up
contradicting each other. Here you're
getting a buy signal with a MACD buy or
sell, but here you're touching the EMAs
and you're also in a downtrend. As you
can see, everything is just kind of
mixing and matching, and it just ends up
leaving you more confused than you
started. In reality, traders aren't
failing because they don't know enough.
They're actually failing because they
know too much, and they're trying to
combine everything. So, obviously, as a
trader, I went down the list and started
testing every single one of these
indicators to really just find which one
actually mattered. All in all, I finally
found it. So, let's go ahead and do a
satisfying clearing of the charts and
actually look at that indicator that
turned me profitable and actually truly
mattered for my strategy. So, this
indicator is called the high time frame
power three, otherwise known as HTF
power three. And before you skip ahead
and just look for examples, it's very
important that you understand why this
indicator works so well. So, let me go
ahead and explain that for you. And by
the way, this isn't a promotion. This
isn't my indicator. I'm not affiliated
with it. I'm just dropping pure [\h__\h]
game for you guys on a free indicator
that has printed me hundreds of
thousands of dollars. So, the first
thing that's going to happen when you
actually click on that indicator is
you're going to see a higher time frame
candle pop up beside your lower time
frame. You're just going to see this big
ass candle pop up. And you're probably
thinking, "Okay, what the [\h__\h] does this
actually do? Like, this isn't telling me
to buy or sell. It's not telling me
where there's support or resistance. How
do you use it? How does it work?" Well,
let's start off by going over here and
clicking the settings on this indicator.
Okay, you will see the time frame.
Whatever time frame this indicator is,
that's actually what this candlestick
is. So, you could be on the 1 minute,
the 5m minute, the 15 minute, or even
the 4 hour, and it would just hold this
daily candlestick, the current daily
candlestick beside your current time
frame. Okay? Likewise, if you flipped
this to the 4hour time frame, it would
then make this the 4hour candle, which
in this scenario is the same because the
day literally opened. You can do the 30
minute candle as well as you can see
just puts that time frame besides
whatever time frame you're on. Okay, so
why does that matter? Can I just like
flip through the time frames and go and
see what the day looks like and just go
right back? Okay, let's explain how to
actually use this indicator and why it
matters. This is actually one of the
most important concepts in the
fundamentals of trading and it is a
fractal concept. Meaning this happens
across all candlesticks in all time
frames. So let's go ahead and get into
it. First off, I'm going to put our high
time frame candle over here just like
the indicator would show. We're going to
have a body, a top wick, and a bottom
wick here. Okay. So, every single
candlestick moves in four steps. The
first step of a candlestick is for it to
simply just open. Okay? Now, if you are
expecting a bullish candlestick, the
second step is for it to go and make the
low. Okay? So, if you're bullish, you're
going to open, then make the low. And
then three, you're going to push up to
make the high of the candlestick. and
then four, you're going to eventually
form that wick and close. That is how
literally every single high time frame
candlestick uses. Now, the formation of
that is actually displayed in somewhat
of a pattern where you're grabbing
liquidity on a lower time frame. That
might sound complicated, but it's
actually stupid simple and it only has
three steps. So the lower time frame
genetic makeup of this higher time frame
candlestick is going to show up as a
power of three meaning accumulation
manipulation and then distribution
higher and then pushing down to close
and accumulating. But again it's just a
power of three. Okay. So the way this
works is first step the candlestick
opens first step we accumulate. So, we
accumulate when that candlestick opens.
We will then accumulate long enough to
form a gap under here or just have some
liquidity. Could just be the
accumulation lows. Then we manipulate
lower. Okay? So, step one, we
accumulate. Step two, we manipulate.
That manipulation is going to put in the
bottom wick of that 4hour candle. Sounds
simple enough. That's all we're waiting
for. And we're just waiting for a
reversal off of that. Okay? Once we
start to see price push back to the
upside and we end up getting some sort
of entry confirmation, then goes the
distribution. Okay, as this distribution
is happening, this high time frame
candlestick is actually pushing up. That
is the distribution is the entire
candlestick forming. So basically what
the strategy does is it helps me catch
the top and the bottom of high time
frame candles. And as you know, if you
took like literally any 4hour candle and
were able to catch all the points or all
the ticks within that, you would
absolutely be printing money. And that's
my theory. That's all I do is I print
money off high time frame candles off
the low time frame entry here. And this
works at the exact same time every
single day. And when I say it works at
the same time, literally every single
day, that's because we're trading it
right exactly when one of these high
time frame candles open. Now, I focus on
the 4hour PO3 or the 4hour high time
frame candlestick. So, if you want to
follow along with me so you can set this
up to actually start trading it is you
want to go on Trading View, click
indicators like we said, look up HTF
power 3. I use the 1x2 degrees. Go ahead
and click that. Over to the side here,
you're going to see PO3. I want you to
click settings and make sure it is on
the 4hour time frame. Once it's on the
4hour time frame, go ahead and close
out. You should see that 4hour candle.
Now, you're probably like, Jack, okay,
what low time frame do you follow along
with? Is that the 30 minute, the hourly,
the 15-inut? What is it? You want to be
on the one minute time frame primarily
when you are looking for your entry. So,
go to the 1 minute time frame and make
sure this is on the 4hour candle. And
the next thing you're going to do is
mark out 10 a.m. Eastern. If you're
confused on when that is, it's literally
just 30 minutes after the actual stock
market opens in the morning. And the
reason you're doing that is because
using the indicator alone isn't going to
turn you profitable. You have to
actually know when to use it. This is
that time. And like we talked about,
high time frame candles are allowing you
to catch a lot more ticks and a lot more
points, harvest a lot more money out of
the market. If you're just looking at
the 4 hour and thinking of what a
candlestick is going to do, it's the
same thing as a one minute. Could you
tell what this one minute candle is
going to do? No. You would have to drop
to a lower and fractal time frame to
figure out exactly when it's going to
put in that top or bottom wick and how
it's actually going to form. Again,
we're catching the entire expansion of a
high time frame candle and getting
precise timebased low time frame
entries. And what traders are still
missing when they use this indicator is
they're not trading at this time because
this indicator is literally 10 times
more powerful when you trade it at 10:00
a.m. Eastern. Now, why specifically the
one at 10:00 a.m. Eastern? That's
because it is 30 minutes after the
market open, which gives us the
opportunity to let price give us extra
confirmations and avoid the very
commonly taken market open fake out
right here. Okay, I could have
potentially been bullish on this. The
market was quite high up. It was
respecting high time frame gaps. Boom.
Liquidity sweep. Boom. Inversion. Fair
value gap. Okay, going to take long. But
if you had just waited for 10:00 a.m.,
you would have realized that's not truly
what's happening for the day. And that's
just the market open fake out or the
market open sweep. Now that we are
actually waiting for 10 a.m. to open, we
can clearly see that the directional
bias is actually bearish. We've inversed
a couple of high time frame gaps. We're
confirmed we can go short. Now we just
have to wait for our setup. And now that
new 4hour candle opens. So, we're
looking for our power of three or P3,
which is going to be accumulation of
price. So, price just moving sideways in
a range, not really going anywhere,
which we can clearly see right here. And
then we're waiting for our manipulation.
But you're probably wondering, okay, but
how do we know if like, oh, if it sweeps
right here, is that our manipulation?
How do we know when and where this
manipulation is actually going to occur
and stop going up? because we could just
infinitely try and long what we think is
the manipulation, but it ends up being a
bias split and you get stopped out five
times and still lose on the day. There
is a specific time frame that we need to
flip to to see this. Okay, price is
typically going to consolidate long
enough at or around 10:00 a.m. for us to
form a brand new 15minute for value gap
on price. Okay. So, clearly right here
we have consolidated for 15 minutes in
this accumulation range. What I'm going
to do is flip directly to the 15-minute
time frame and see if I can spot a fair
value gap. Boom. We have a 15-minute gap
closest to price directly above the
accumulation range. We don't need price
to go anywhere crazy. So, back to the
one minute time frame. We're going to
wait for our manipulation to happen.
Still accumulating. Okay, there we go.
There is our manipulation into the
15-minute fair value gap. As we can see,
we see a very instant reaction. Now,
what are we going to do? Are we going to
instantly trade this? No. That would be
predicting. We're trying to react. We're
waiting for an entry confirmation. Okay,
we want to make sure that we're actually
going to enter the distribution leg
instead of just continuing to push to
the upside. But again, this manipulation
into the 15-minute gap, putting in the
high of that 4hour candle. That's why
it's so important to have this indicator
next to you. Okay. Now, what we're going
to do is we're going to wait for an
entry confirmation. For me, I typically
like to take inversion fair value gaps
or changes in the state of delivery.
Obviously, you guys may know this, you
may not know this, but an inversion gap
is a fair value gap that gets closed
below. So, in this scenario, this fair
value gap right here, the candle body
closes below it. That would be an
inversion fair value gap or an entry
confirmation for us. The other entry
confirmation that I like to take if I
don't see any fair value gaps, which can
happen because we don't have any right
here, right? There was one, but it
already got inverse. So, we don't care
about that change in the state of
delivery is going to be a candle closure
below the most recent leg to the upside
of multiple candles. Okay. So, what I
would want to do is wait for that most
recent leg to the upside. I would take
the opening price of that first up
candle. Okay? Same thing if I was
bearish. I'd take the opening price of
the first down candle that created that
leg. Okay? So, all I'm going to do is I
am going to go short right here. And I
have my stop-loss placement all the way
at that manipulation high. Okay? That is
where our stop loss is safe. For this, I
typically like to target any near points
of liquidity. Previous session high,
previous session low, previous day high,
previous day low, anything like that. I
don't like to keep it too complicated.
So, here we have a two- risk reward. And
we can leave some runners all the way to
a four risk reward. And again, this
entry confirmation right here is how I
have that over 83% win rate. It's
because I am waiting for the market to
actually tell us what it's going to do.
I'm not just trying to predict or set
limit orders. So, we can see this trade
play out. And you're going to see this
creates the expansion of the entire
4hour candle here and just continues to
bleed on this setup. You could have
literally harvested 1,300 ticks on this
because you're really trading a high
time frame candle. You're just getting a
extremely extremely simple and timebased
low time frame entry that's repeatable
the same time every single day. Get why
this is so powerful? Now, now look, if
you do want to go deeper into this exact
strategy and watch how I executed it to
become profitable for the last 2 and 1/2
years, every single morning, I put
together a completely free power of free
bible. It's 30 pages of literally
everything I learned over the last 2 and
1/2 years using this specific indicator
with this entry model. go ahead and grab
it for free at the first link in the
description while it's still available.
All right, now let me walk you through a
real trade that I took last week using
this indicator. So again, go ahead and
mark out 30 minutes after the market
opens, which is going to be 10:00 a.m.
Eastern. Now, currently, I'm on the
15-minute time frame, and I can already
see that price has formed a brand new
15minute fair value gap closest to me.
So, that's going to be my area of
interest for this manipulation to happen
here. Okay. So, what we're going to do
is we're going to mark out 10 a.m.
Eastern. And I'm on the 15-minute time
frame. I can already see that before
this candlestick opens that there has
been a brand new 15-minute fair value
formed. So, that's probably what we're
going to be using to where we think
price is going to manipulate to. Now,
the accumulation can happen just during
or a little bit just after uh you don't
want it for too long, but the
accumulation basically right around the
opening here. So, we can already see,
okay, cool. Price has already started to
accumulate. Right now, we wait for that
new 4hour candle to open here. Okay, so
our 4hour candle has opened and pretty
much instantly given us that
manipulation to put in the bottom wick
of this new 4hour candlestick into the
15-minute gap we expecting price to tap
into. Now, all we're doing is waiting
for entry confirmation. As we can see,
there are no fair value gaps here. So,
we're going to have to wait for a change
in the state of delivery, which is going
to be right here because that is the
opening price of the last or the first
candlestick because that is the opening
price of the first candlestick that
formed that new leg to the downside. So,
let's go ahead and see what happens. All
right, we're waiting for an entry
confirmation and we actually do end up
seeing a deeper manipulation here. Okay,
that's why it is so important within
this strategy to not just react in the
second price taps in we're enter but to
actually wait for entry confirmation.
Okay, now we got a deeper manipulation,
a very clear low of the 4hour put in and
we can go ahead and see that we have a
very clean entry confirmation. We have
an inversion fair value gap right here.
Okay. So, what I'm going to do is I'm
going to enter long right here, which
was to break that. Same thing as I
always do, keep my stop loss at the low
of that brand new 4hour candle. For this
trade, I have liquidity just up here at
a two- risk to reward. So, that's all
I'm going to take this one. Let's see
how it plays out. For this trade, my
main target was actually previous day's
high and was only at a one- risk reward.
So, I'm not going to force it. I'm just
going to play it out to there. All
right, let's see how it plays here.
Pretty quick delivery straight up there.
As you can see, this trade hit in
literally under 10 minutes for a
onetoone base hit. No guessing, no
hoping, no more staring at 10 different
[\h__\h] indicators all day on the
charts. Literally, just one clean setup
at one specific time is all it took to
completely change my life and make me
over six figures in trading. This is
exactly why my student Doin took a
$50,000 account with Apex to over a
$75,000 account balance. harvesting
again well over an 83% win rate with his
win rate sitting at a 94% for this month
of track data. And as you can see, this
is repeatable. You can do this
practically every single day at 10:00
a.m. So, here's what you actually need
to remember. You don't need 10 different
indicators just completely cluttering
your charts. You just need one
indicator, one setup at one specific
time. The high time frame power three
indicator gives you high time frame
context without all the noise. And the
power of three provides you that
mechanical and easy to follow entry
model that you can execute time and time
again with discipline. If you've been
over complicating your trading, this is
definitely your way out. I sure know it
was for me. So, clear your charts, set
up this one indicator, and just start
trading at 10 a.m. Eastern. That is how
you go from losing to consistent
payouts. All right. So, if you're
serious about mastering the strategy and
you want one-on-one help to get funded
and actually stay profitable with it, I
work with traders inside my mentorship
program where I'll build you an exact
road map to passing challenges
consistently and ripping five figure
payouts every single month. And unlike
pretty much everyone else in this entire
space, I printed for myself so I can
guarantee results for my students. I put
my money where my mouth is. So, click
the second link below in the description
and apply to see if you're a good fit.
And if you got value from this video,
make sure to subscribe and go ahead and
check out this video right here where I
break down the right way to actually use
prop firms. It's the exact method me and
my students used to pull six figure
payouts.
